6 million lives were saved by Bill Gates with vaccines and better healthcare.
Ancient Babylonians did math in base 60 instead of base 10. That's why we have 60 seconds in a minute and 360 degrees in a circle.
Harry Potter books have been translated into more than 70 languages.
Human inhabitants first settled in the Amazon rainforest at least 11,200 years ago
There is a pilgrimage site in Sri Lanka that is holy to four religions for a "sacred footprint": Hinduism, Islam, Buddhism and Christianity.
The Sun formed about 4.6 billion years ago from the collapse of part of a giant molecular cloud that consisted mostly of hydrogen and helium
Iran arrested 14 squirrels for spying in 2007
Nearly one tourist has died every week in Hawaii, on average, from 2012 to 2015.
3 in every 10 teen girls in the U.S. get pregnant
3.4 million people die each year from water-related causes
A young Isaac Newton once threatened to burn his mother and stepfather alive.
In Peru, there's a billboard that creates drinkable water out of thin air
In 2005, an Ethiopian girl was being brutally beaten by 7 men when a pride of lions chased them away. They even stayed with her until help arrived.
Benjamin Franklin wrote "Fart Proudly", a scientific essay about farts.
Popcorn was first domesticated in Mexico 9,000 years ago.
The 2011 earthquake near Japan increased the Earth's rotation speed, shortening the day by 1.8 microseconds.
When Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin landed on the Moon, they honored soviet cosmonaut Yuri Gagarin by leaving behind one of his medals.
Sweat itself is odorless. It's the bacteria on the skin that mingles with it and produces body odor.
Pluto was discovered  by a young  research assistant  in 1930.
Killing someone to prevent the theft of property is legal in Texas
In 1900, all the world's mathematical knowledge could be written in about 80 books; today it would fill more than 100,000 books.
Pluto, Mickey Mouse's dog, was named after the planet, not the other way around
All pandas in the world are on loan from China
In 1989, Margaret Thatcher pleaded with Mikhail Gorbachev to keep the Berlin Wall up.
China uses 45 billion chopsticks per year.
There's only one STOP sign in the entire city of Paris.
The Titanic could have been saved if it wasn't for a 30-second delay in giving the order to change course after spotting the iceberg
In 2013, a fake tweet temporarily wiped out US$130 billion off the stock market
A tiger's roar can be heard as far as 1.8 miles (3 km) away
It's illegal for foreigners to take Indian currency (rupees) out of India
Recycling one ton of paper saves 682.5 gallons of oil, 7,000 gallons of water and 3.3 cubic yards of landfill space
With over 4 billion people and 30% of Earth's total land area, Asia is the Earth's largest and most populous continent.
New Brain Connections Are Created Every Time You Form a Memory
The Pentagon has a plan for combating a zombie apocalypse
Civilian casualties on D-Day and D+1 are estimated at 3,000 people.
North Korean archaeologists announced the world in 2012 they "discovered" lair of the UNICORN ridden by legendary King Tongmyung 2000 years ago.
Every minute,2 million searches are performed on Google.
A beautiful face attracts more partners than a beautiful body, according to a scientific survey.
There is a persistent storm at Lake Maracaibo, Venezuela. Lightning storms occur for about 10 hours a night, 140 to 160 nights a year, for a total of about 1.2 million lightning discharges per year.
27,000 trees are felled each day for toilet paper
Farting helps reduce high blood pressure and is good for your health.
The Blue-ringed octopus is one of the world's most venomous marine animals: it can kill you in one bite, there is no anti-venom.
People who spend a lot of time on the internet are more likely to be depressed, lonely and mentally unstable, a study found.
Until the 1970s in Belgium, table beer was served in schools refectories.
When Fidel Castro seized power in Cuba, he immediately ordered all game sets of Monopoly to be destroyed.
In 2010, the Catholic Church had an income of US$97 billion.
Monkey brains are eaten as a delicacy in parts of China, South Asia and Africa.
The roar of a lion can be heard from 8 kilometers (5.0 miles) away.
Australian koalas are in danger of extinction because over half of them have chlamydia.
Classical Greek culture, which flourished during the 5th to 4th centuries BC, had a powerful influence on the Roman Empire and provided the foundation of modern Western culture.
Goldfish can see infrared radiation that is invisible to us.
Chimpanzees share 99% of their DNA with humans, and mice are 98% genetically similar to humans.
Men with attractive wives report higher levels of satisfaction with their marriages, a study says.
The three largest branches of Christianity are the Roman Catholic Church, the Eastern Orthodox Church and the various denominations of Protestantism.
Dinosaurs lived on Earth for 150 million years. We've been around for just 0.1% of that time.
15 billion cigarettes are smoked worldwide every day
Goldfish can't close their eyes as they have no eyelids.
In 2008, a chimpanzee named Anjana adopted and raised two baby white tigers named Mitra and Shiva after a hurricane.
WW1 was the sixth deadliest conflict in world history.
The smallest known dinosaur was about four inches (10 cm) tall and weighed less than a chihuahua.
Leonardo DiCaprio's name is Leonardo because his mother was standing in front of a Leonardo Da Vinci's portrait when he first kicked.
Hiroshima and Nagasaki are not radioactive anymore mostly because the bombs didn't touch the ground but were detonated in the air.
In 1990, Harry Potter author J. K. Rowling was on a crowded train from Manchester to London when the idea for Harry suddenly "fell into her head".
11.2 million people live in Cuba as of 2019.
At least 690 executions were recorded by Amnesty International in 20 countries in 2018, a decrease of 31% compared to 2017.
Prostitutes in the Netherlands pay taxes
At least 1 in 25 people sentenced to the death penalty in the U.S. are innocent.
Over 1.5 million Venezuelans --4% to 6% of the country's population-- left Venezuela following Hugo Chavez's Bolivarian Revolution
Leif Erikson is regarded as the first European to land in North America, nearly 500 years before Columbus.
Banana ketchup is popular in the Philippines.
The South American revolutionary Simon Bolivar was, at various times, president of Bolivia, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru and Venezuela.
A Father's Diet Before Conception Plays a Crucial Role in a Child's Health.
When George Washington passed away in 1799,  Britain's entire Royal Navy lowered its flags at half mast.
Low vitamin D levels during pregnancy have been linked to autism.
1 in 5 people in the world still lacks access to modern electricity
After the Vietnam war, farmers recycled thousands of external fuel tanks from U.S. aircraft to create river boats and canoe
In Thailand, Burma, Sri Lanka, Cambodia and Lao, the Buddhist New Year is celebrated for three days.
In 2012, Elvis Presley's underwear was auctioned off but no one bought it.
We Are Living In The Most Peaceful Time In Human History.
In Iran, a law from 2013 allows Men to marry their 13-year-old adopted daughters
Monkeys can count.
Steve Jobs was dyslexic
The Mount Everest grows 0.1576 inches (4mm) each year
No man has been on the Moon in the last 41 years.
Elvis Presley didn't write any of his songs.
The Death Penalty is legal in 32 U.S. states.
In 2001, Argentina had 5 presidents in 10 days.
It took Danny Elfman just two days to compose The Simpsons famous theme in 1989
The Eiffel Tower was built for the 1889 Paris Exposition and was not intended to be permanent
Martin Luther King Jr. plagiarized a significant portion of his doctoral dissertation from one written by another student 3 years earlier.
With over 95.5 million inhabitants as of 2019, Egypt is the most populous country in the Arab world and the third-most populous in Africa.
The second-largest lake in Bolivia is called Lake Poopo. It's not a freshwater lake
It's scientifically proven: being in love makes you a less productive person.
On any given workday, up to 50,000 employees worked in the WTC twin towers before 9/11.
It snowed in the Sahara Desert in 1979.
Over 20,000 people die of Cancer every day.
In 1994, a 75-pound bag of cocaine fell out of a plane and landed in the middle of a Florida crime watch meeting.
1 billion people speak English. That's 1 in every 7 on earth.
Between 1974 and 1983, up to 30,000 people went "missing" in Argentina. Most were killed by the military junta running the country.
Anne Frank's family was denied visas by the U.S. because of stricter immigration policies.
The Queen of the Netherlands is Argentinian
The Titanic's chief baker "fortified" himself with alcohol and thus survived the freezing water for 2 hours until he was rescued
Hawaii's largest-ever earthquake occurred in 1868 and the aftershocks are still being observed.
In 2011, the population of Ireland was about 6.4 million, ranking it the second-most populous island in Europe after Great Britain.
Most homes in Bolivia have a dried llama fetus thrown under its foundations for luck
An earthquake on Dec. 16, 1811 caused parts of the Mississippi River to flow backwards.
William Shakespeare's six surviving signatures have different spellings, including "Shakspere
Shaksper" and "Shakspeare.". The right spelling has been in dispute for centuries.
When the first prototype of Apple's iPod was shown to Steve Jobs, he dropped it in an aquarium and used the air bubbles to prove there was empty space and it could be made smaller
Earth is the only place in the solar system where a total solar eclipse can happen
The tiger's stripes are not only found on their fur, but also on their skin
There is more CO2 (carbon dioxide) in the atmosphere today than at any point in the last 800,000 years.
In Switzerland, some people still regularly eat dog and cat meat. It's legal in the country
Google hired a camel to create the Street View of a desert.
There's a virus that attacks human DNA making people less intelligent, impairing brain activity, learning and memory
Square Watermelons are grown by Japanese farmers for easier stack and store.
A new scientific method called 'toxineering' turns venoms into painkillers
Elvis Presley was naturally blonde. He dyed his hair black.
The "smell of rain" is caused by a bacteria called actinomycetes.
Texas declared its independence from Mexico in 1836 and became a Republic until it joined the U.S. in 1845
Every hour, at least 1 person is killed by a drunk driver in the U.S.
A Colombian woman was raised by monkeys after being kidnaped and abandoned in the jungle as a child.
A face-recognition software determined that Leonardo Da Vinci's Mona Lisa is 83% happy, 9% disgusted, 6% fearful, and 2% angry.
China is the world's largest exporter and second-largest importer of goods.
A new word in English is created every 98 minutes.
In North Korea, the year is counted after the birth of its founder, Kim II-Sung. In 2013, it was the year 202.
North Korea is the world's only necrocracy: a government that still operates under the rules of a former, dead leader.
Judas sold Jesus for the equivalent of 4 months' pay of a working man.
The Simpsons crew sent flowers to South Park studios when they parodied Family Guy.
Thousands of marine creatures die by mistakenly swallowing plastic bags that resemble jellyfish
The Statue of Liberty used to have a reddish brown color
Iceland has Europe's largest banana plantation.
Snakes can open their mouth up to 150 degrees
Over 5,000 climbers have successfully reached Mount Everest's peak, including a 13-year-old, a blind person, and a 73-year-old woman
Lionesses find lions with darker manes more attractive.
During the Christmas season, almost 28 LEGO sets are sold every second.
If you announce your goals to others, you are less likely to make them happen because you lose motivation, studies confirmed
1.3 million Earths could fit inside the sun, an average-sized star.
Italy is the largest producer of wine in the world.
In 1600, a volcano eruption in Peru caused a famine that killed about 2 million people in Russia
Bill Gates continued to fly coach until 1997, when his net worth was already US$36 billion.
Four Japanese scientists measured the amount of friction between a shoe, a banana skin and the floor: it's 0.07.
Sweden has the largest scale model of the solar system in the world. It is in the scale of 1:20 million and stretches 950 km across the country
There are more than 1,000 species of banana. We eat only one of them.
The Golden Gate Bridge project cost more than US$35 million, completing ahead of schedule and under budget.
Jamaica, Colombia and St Lucia are the only countries where a woman is more likely to be a boss than a man.
Mexican General Santa Anna had an elaborate state funeral for his amputated leg.
The oldest octopus fossil is  296 million years old.
Research conducted on comedians and funny people have shown they are usually more depressed than average.
You can tell the age of a whale by counting the rings in its earwax
Canada's lowest recorded temperature was -81.4 degrees Fahrenheit (-63 C) in 1947
Every second, Americans collectively eat 100 pounds of chocolate.
Despite being a Jew, Karl Marx hated Judaism and said that "money is the jealous god of Israel."
The UK spent US$15.8 billion in a health service computer system that failed and was shut down in 2013
When a Google employee dies, their spouses receive half pay from the company for 10 years and their children US$1,000 per month until they turn 19.
There is a prison in Bolivia where inmates rent their own cells, can live with their families, charge tourists for tours and at one point produced almost all the cocaine in Bolivia
The cities of Aachen, Regensburg, Frankfurt-am-Main, Nuremberg, Weimar, Bonn and Berlin have all been capitals of Germany
The Netherlands close eight prisons in 2013 due to lack of criminals
The budget for the Movie "Titanic" was higher than the Titanic itself
In Korea and Japan, there is a Cat Cafe where you can go to drink coffee and hang out with cats for hours.
There's a nail polish that detects date rape drugs by dipping a finger into the drink.
Al Pacino was the first "face" on Facebook.
The Macaw is the national animal of Brazil.
JFK bought 1,200 cuban cigars just hours before signing the embargo against Cuba.
There are 17 to 20 species of penguins, depending on which scientist you ask
With some males exceeding 250 kg (550 lb) in weight, the Lion is the second-largest living cat after the tiger.
One tiger alone killed 430 people in Nepal and India in the 19th century
Leonardo Da Vinci was the first to explain why the sky is blue.
Olympic Gold Medals only contain 1.34% of gold.
Cocaine can be purchased for about US$5 per gram in Colombia while in the U.S. it sells for at least US$100.
More Colombians die every year from American tobacco than Americans die from Colombian cocaine.
Hawaii, Vermont, Alaska, and Maine have all banned billboards.
Brazil was once called "United States of Brazil."
The least corrupt countries in the world are New Zealand and Denmark, according to the Corruptions Perception Index.
The national anthem of Spain has no words
Christopher Columbus correctly predicted an eclipse to trick the native inhabitants of Jamaica into giving him food and supplies.
The city of Lusail, host of the 2022 FIFA World Cup Final game, does not exist yet
Benjamin Franklin, one of the Founding Fathers of the U.S., was also a leading author, printer, political theorist, politician, freemason, postmaster, scientist, inventor, civic activist, statesman, and diplomat.
Elvis Presley is considered the best-selling individual artist of all time, with over 500 million records sold.
Brazil occupies 47.3% of South America and borders all other countries except Ecuador and Chile.
The Amazon represents more than half of the Earth's rainforests
Most Hindus say Euthanasia interrupts the timing of the cycle of rebirth and both the doctor and patient will take on bad karma as a result.
1,665 steps are needed to climb all the way to the top of the Eiffel Tower
Mars is red because it is covered in rust (iron oxide).
75%of people who marry partners from an affair eventually divorce.
An Octopus with 96 tentacles was caught in Japan in 2008.
Kissing can cause tooth decay.
The smallest horse in the world is just 17 inches (43 cm) tall and weighs 57 lb (26 kg)
Sam Houston, the general who won Texas independence from Mexico, was removed  from his post as Governor after refusing to support the Confederacy on the Civil War.
The Quran, Islam's most sacred book, means recitation in Arabic.
2200 years ago, Eratosthenes estimated the Earth's circumference using math, without ever leaving Egypt. He was remarkably accurate. Christopher Columbus later studied him.
A Jewish sect, Neturei Karta, supports Palestine and calls for a peaceful dismantling of the State of Israel.
Since 1900, there have been an average of 18 major earthquakes and one great earthquake per year.
The word "volcano" originally comes from the name of the Roman god of fire, Vulcan
The southernmost active volcano on Earth is in Antarctica. It spews crystals and is very close to the U.S. Research Center
People who endure more than 45-minute commute are 40% more likely to divorce.
Babies are born with no bacteria in their bodies.
During WW2, Japan received Jewish refugees and rejected the resulting Nazi German protests.
Scientists can turn peanut butter into diamonds.
77%of Russia is made up of Siberia
With 61 million inhabitants, Italy is the 5th most populous country in Europe.
Bullying affects nearly 1 in 3 American schoolchildren in grades six through 10.
There's a hotel in Bolivia made almost entirely of salt, complete with salt beds and chairs
Famous left-handed people include Napoleon, Da Vinci, Michelangelo, Einstein, Newton, Bill Gates, Oprah, Obama and Jimi Hendrix.
The average visitor to Las Vegas gambles US$447.
Half of all women who die from homicide are killed by their current or former husbands or partners.
Study after study has found that marijuana is less harmful than alcohol and tobacco.
When you get a book published in Norway, the Government will buy a 1000 copies and distribute them to libraries.
Sudan has more pyramids than Egypt.
It is illegal to own a hamster in Hawaii .
The World's Oldest Company operated in Japan from 578 AD to 2006.
During the Vietnam War, American troops would eat small amounts of C4 plastic explosive to get high
A 20-month-old baby became the youngest professional soccer player ever, after being signed up by a Belgian club
Coffee beans aren't beans. They are fruit pits.
Apollo astronauts trained in Iceland because it was felt that the terrain would most resemble the surface of the moon.
Breast cancer is one of the most survivable types of cancers over a five year period.
When Benjamin Franklin invented his own harmonica, it became so popular in Europe that Mozart and Beethoven composed music for it.
The World's Largest Chocolate Bar Weighed 5,792 kg (12,770 lb).
Apple's co-founder sold all his shares for $800.Today, they would have been worth US$35 billion.
Cuddling triggers the same neurological reaction as taking painkillers.
Global warming could drive to extinction as many as 1 in 6 animal and plant species.
On Mars, sunsets are blue.
Isaac Newton was a Member of Parliament for a year and said only one sentence: he asked a nearby usher to close an open window.
The practice of burying the dead may date back 350,000 years.
Fat Man was the codename for the atomic bomb that was detonated over Nagasaki.
Men are struck by lightning five times more often than women.
Every day, nearly 4000 teens in the U.S. smoke their first cigarette while 1,000 start smoking on a daily basis
The King James Bible has inspired the lyrics of more pop songs than any other book.
The boomslang snake's venom causes you to bleed from all holes of your body
There's US$75 trillion in the entire world. If this is distributed amongst all people on Earth, each person will have less than $11,000.
Washoe, the chimpanzee, was the first non-human to learn American Sign Language. She also passed on her knowledge to other chimpanzees.
Iquitos, Peru is the largest city in the world inaccessible by road. It's located deep in the Amazon rainforest and has over 400,000 people
Twitter has 310 million monthly active users, almost the same as the U.S. population
Bob Marley's final words were "Money can't buy life."
The Bible is partially or completely available in 3,384 languages, as of 2019.
Snakes range in size from the tiny, 10 cm-long thread snake, to the reticulated python of up to 6.95 meters (22.8 ft) in length
The official name of Spain is the "Kingdom of Spain.
The Emperor Penguin is able to dive to depths of over 500m and stay under water for up to 27 minutes
There are species of ants that enslaved other ants
English was first introduced to Ireland in the Norman invasion in the 12th century.
Bananas don't grow on trees. They are produced by herbaceous plants.
About 50% of Asians have trouble metabolizing alcohol due to a missing liver enzyme needed to process it.
Legalizing marijuana would generate $8.7 billion in federal and state tax revenue per year.
Over 100,000 people have applied for a one-way trip to colonize Mars in 2022.
All of the bacteria in our body collectively weighs about 4 pounds.
The combined wealth of the 85 richest people is equal to that of poorest 3.5 billion --half of the world's population
Leo Da Vinci's studies of river erosion convinced him that Earth is much older than the Bible implies.
Unfaithful men have lower IQs according to a scientific study.
A Giraffe's legs alone are taller than most humans: about 6 feet (1.81 m).
Police officers in one state in India are given a slight pay upgrade for having a moustache
1 in 3 worldwide deaths in 2012 were caused by Cardiovascular diseases.
The average human will yawn around 250,000 times over the course of his life.
Zebras are responsible for more injuries to U.S. zookeepers than any other animal
Steve Jobs was adopted. His biological father was Abdulfattah Jandali, a Syrian Muslim
In 2012, A 10-Year-Old Accidentally Conceived an Unstable Molecule in Science Class called: Tetranitratoxycarbon
10% of pregnancies end in miscarriage
Drug possession and trafficking are punished in Singapore with the death penalty.
All three Grammys Elvis Presley won, were for his gospel songs.
The earliest evidence of human presence in Ireland is dated at 12,800 BC.
In Judaism there are4 different New Year days.
Alexander the Great washed his hair in saffron to keep it shiny and orange.
62 million girls were out of school in 2014
Capuchin monkeys show biases against humans who deny help to others.
Recycling a single plastic bottle can conserve enough energy to light a 60W bulb for up to 6 hours
A Bonsai Tree planted in 1626 survived the atomic bomb at Hiroshima and now resides in a U.S. Museum.
Japan consists of over 6,800 islands.
If a zebra is attacked, its family will come to its defense circling the wounded zebra and attempting to drive off predators
Argentina is subdivided into 23 provinces and one autonomous city, Buenos Aires. Each have their own constitutions, but exist under a federal system.
Los Angeles, California, is the second most populous city in the U.S.
Australia is the world's sixth-largest country by total area.
Inca architecture was built to be earthquake resistant. Inca masonry is effective in withstanding even major tremors.
Modern humans first arrived in Iberia (now Spain), from the north on foot, about 35,000 years ago
Martin Luther King Jr. had previously used his "dream" rhetoric many times before his famous speech in other lesser-known speeches.
The average divorcee takes almost 18 months to get over the split.
Between 10 and 20 volcanoes are erupting somewhere on Earth every day
6 out of 10 teenagers in the U.S. say they witness bullying in school once a day.
There are 40 extant species of dolphins.
The Amazon rainforest encompasses an area of 5,500,000 sq kilometres (2,100,000 sq mi), two times the size of Argentina
There are more than 400 distinct phobias well recognized by psychologists
Globally, women are paid less than men. Women in most countries earn on average only 60 to 75% of men's wages
Fidel Castro was born on a Friday the 13th.
William Shakespeare was born and died on the same day
72%of Spain speaks Spanish. The rest speaks Catalan, Galician, Basque and others
Hawaii is the only U.S. state with a majority Asian American population, at 58%.
Paraguay boasts the world's third-biggest fleet of tug-propelled barges, behind the U.S. and China.
Small traces of gold have been found in the leaves of Eucalyptus trees.
Spain was the third most visited country in the world in 2013
Racial segregation in South Africa began in colonial times under the Dutch Empire, then the British, and became an official policy in 1948, lasting until 1991
Every Christmas, 1 million letters are addressed to Santa Clausat his own postal code: "H0H 0H0, North Pole, Canada."
The average number of readers of any given published scientific paper is said to be 0.6
People in the United States eat 9 billion chickens and 150 million cattle, pigs and sheep annually, and we use around 26 million animals for research, 95% of which are rodents, birds and fish.
The Bible, Steve Jobs' Bio, and the Hunger Games, are the most highlighted kindle books ever
Along with 1.4 million tons of debris removed, 19,435 body parts were recovered from the WTC after 9/11.
Apple is the world's largest IT company by revenue and total assets, and the world's second-largest mobile phone manufacturer.
D-Day was originally set for June 5 but had to be postponed for 24 hours due to bad weather.
Anne Frank's sister, Margot, also had a diary. It was never found.
95% of all data in the world is still stored on paper. Most of it is never looked at again
The Liberty Bell and Big Ben were cast by the same bell foundry and both bells are cracked.
A secretary once told Steve Jobs she was late for work because her car wouldn't start. That afternoon, Jobs threw her a set of keys for a brand new Jaguar, saying: "Here, don't be late anymore."
The Aztecs used Cacao seeds as a form of currency.
Most of New Zealand's population of 4.5 million is of European descent. The indigenous Maori are the largest minority at almost 15%.
The West first learned of the giant panda in 1869, when a French missionary received a skin from a hunter
There are 5 planets you can see with the naked eye, not using a telescope: Mercury, Venus, Mars, Jupiter and Saturn
There are virtually no differences in brain anatomy between people with autism and those without.
Mars has the tallest known mountain on a planet of our Solar System, with a height of 22 km (14 mi).
The word 'Buddha' is a title, which means 'one who is awake', in the sense of having 'woken up to reality'.
The word "desert" comes from the Latin "desertum" which means "an abandoned place".
The Fastest Goal in Soccer history was scored just over 2 seconds after kick-off
Indonesia is the world's largest island country, with more than 13,000 islands.
Facebook is primarily blue because Mark Zuckerberg suffers red-green color blindness.
South Africa is one of the few in Africa never to have had a coup d'etat, and regular elections have been held for almost a century
In professional shooting, Alcohol is considered to be a performance-enhancing drug because it relaxes you and slows your heart rate enough to give you an edge.
The original torch of the Statue of Liberty replaced in 1984 by a new copper torch covered in 24k gold leaf
1 in every 8 deaths on earth are linked to air pollution, a study says
Sympathizing with Kim Jong-un, leader of North Korea, is an illegal act in South Korea. Even blogging can land you in jail
Spiders can survive for hours underwater by entering a self-induced coma
Couples who are in love synchronize their heart rates after gazing into each others' eyes for three minutes.
51% of Italians can't afford a vacation.
The main exporter of Brazil nuts is not Brazil. It's Bolivia
Israel is so small, you can run through it from west to east in 2 hours and from top to bottom in 9 days.
Late-night dancing was illegal in Japan until 2015.
Right-handed people tend to chew food on the right side while left-handed tend to chew on the left side.
Barack Obama won a Grammy in 2006 for the audio version of his memoir, "Dreams From My Father."
A cooling cap can prevent breast cancer patients facing chemotherapy from losing their hair.
The heart symbol was first used to denote love in the 1250. Prior to that, it represented foliage.
Koalas have human-like fingerprints.
If Bill Gates was a country he would be the #63 richest on earth.
Researchers found 1,458 new species of bacteria in belly buttons.
Argentina's economy is Latin America's third-largest and the second largest in South America.
In Japan there are more pets than children.
Every day, 16% of the searches that occur are ones that Google has never seen before.
Starbucks spends more money on health insurance for its employees than on coffee beans.
An 11-year-old girl gave Pluto its name
4% of the sand on Normandy beaches are still made up of metal particles from D-Day landings.
When two people kiss, they exchange between 10 million and 1 billion bacteria.
"Mortimer Mouse" was the original name of Mickey Mouse before Walt Disney's wife, Lillian, convinced him to change it.
In Cuba, the tourist economy operates with a different currency, the Convertible pesos (CUC), set at par with the US dollar.
Sign Language is one of three official languages of New Zealand.
George Washington is the only U.S. president to have received 100% of the electoral votes.
Contrary to popular belief, there are no wild tigers in Africa. Only in Asia.
Cuba has one of the highest literacy rates in the world: 99.8%.
Indonesia is home to the world's largest Islamic population.
Steve Jobs believed that his vegan diet would eliminate the need of showering
The first cloned dogs, six Canadian Labradors, started to work for South Korea's customs service as sniffers in 2009
8 of the 12 host cities for the 2014 FIFA World Cup in Brazil are among the 50 most violent cities in the world
Africa is larger than China, USA, India, Mexico and a big part of Europe combined.
The Statue Of Liberty Was Inspired By The Roman Pagan Goddess Libertas
The type of music you listen to affects the way you perceive the world.
Honey is the only food that will never rot, it can last 3000 years.
3 Olympic swimming pools can hold all the gold ever mined in the world.
In the UK, all horses, ponies and donkeys must have a horse passport
Around 5,000 people attempted to escape over the Berlin Wall, with an estimated death toll ranging from 136 to more than 200.
Chimpanzees can identify each other from pictures of their butts.
10% of US electricity is made from dismantled atomic bombs.
With 83 million people, as of 2019, Germany has the EU's largest population
British Pennies are used to adjust the time in London's Big Ben clock tower.
American Civil War soldiers had a code of honor that forbade shooting at men while they were pooping.
Earth is the only place in the Solar System where water can be present in its three states: solid, liquid and vapour
Yoda, from Star Wars, was almost played by a monkey.
The Salema Porgy is a species of fish that can cause hallucinations when eaten. In Ancient Rome it was consumed as a recreational drug.
The longest kiss ever recorded lasted 58 hours, 35 minutes and 58 seconds.
Berlin is 9 times bigger than Paris and has more bridges than Venice
Every 13 minutes, a woman dies from breast cancer in the U.S.
If we could capture just 0.1% of the ocean's kinetic energy caused by tides, we could satisfy the current global energy demand 5 times over.
Canada has more lakes than the rest of the world's lakes combined
Our moon is bigger than Pluto and 1/4 the diameter of Earth
The giant panda is actually a bear
The Titanic is the only ocean liner  to ever be sunk by an iceberg
Alaska has a sand desert with dunes over 150 feet (45 m) high
After World War I, there were so few men in Germany that only 1 in 3 women would find a husband
7%  of Americans  claim  they never bathe
Autism affects about 21.7 million people in the world.
Apple headquarters' employees earn an average of US$125,000 a year.
Nguyen Ngoc Loan, the executioner from the famous Vietnam War photo, opened a pizza joint in Virginia after the war
Saturn's moon Enceladus has ice volcanoes
In Russia there are 9 million more Women than men
Bill Gates bought Da Vinci's Codex Leicester in 1994 for US$30 million. A few pages were used as screen saver on Windows 95.
For every 1 million tons of oil shipped, about 1 ton is spilled
Whales can suffer from sunburns
In 2015, a U.S. journalist was sentenced to 5 years in jail for posting a link on the web
South Koreans drink twice as much alcohol as Russians
A newborn baby has about one cup of blood in his body.
4%of women in the U.S. are pregnant right now
The world's longest hangover lasted 4 weeks after a Scotsman consumed 60 pints of beer.
In 1962, John F Kennedy secretly installed a taping system in the White House.
Men with shaved heads are perceived as an inch taller and 13% stronger than men with hair.
Ancient Greece's boys went to school at the age of 7 if they lived in Athens, or went to the barracks if they lived in Sparta.
Sleeping less than 7 hours each night reduces your life expectancy.
The average Facebook U S. user spends 38 minutes a day on the site.
The Guarani language, one of the official languages of Paraguay along with Spanish, is one of the most-widely spoken indigenous languages of the Americas and the only one whose speakers include a large proportion of non-indigenous people.
Wherever you are in the state of Florida, you're never more than 60 miles from the nearest body of salt water.
The 15-minute chimes on Big Ben have lyrics: "All through this hour / Lord be my guide / And by Thy power / No foot shall slide."
On September 11, 2001, 2,996 people were killed in the terrorist attacks at the World Trade Center in NYC, the Pentagon building in Virginia, and in a plane crash in Pennsylvania.
Muslims use only the right hand for eating and drinking.
Bill Gates' children will only inherit US$10 million each, out of his US$72 billion net worth.
In his first few days in office, Barack Obama ordered the closing of the Guantanamo Bay detention camp, but Congress prevented it.
The First Disneyland Admission Ticket Ever Sold was purchased for US$1 in 1955.
In Japan, KFC is a typical feast of Christmas Eve.
Greater London's population was estimated to be 8.63 million in January 2015, the highest level since 1939
Your bones are composed of 31% water
The Netherlands has more bicycles than people, 1.3 per person
From the Middle Ages up to 1809, Finland was part of Sweden.
The Aztecs sacrificed 1% of their population every year, or about 250,000 people.
1 out of 42 boys and 1 in 189 girls are diagnosed with autism in the U.S.
Up to 1.5 billion people still do not have access to reliable phone services
Christians believe that Jesus is the Son of God and the savior of humanity whose coming as the Messiah was prophesied in the Old Testament.
The Moon is not round, but egg shaped.
Venezuela had the world's highest inflation rate in 2015 with over 141%
Japan suffers 1,500 earthquakes every year.
Some parts of Antarctica have had no rain or snow for the last 2 million years
Exercise, like walking, can reduce breast cancer risk by 25%.
Julius Caesar, Mark Antony and Octavian, all made pilgrimages to Alexander the Great's tomb in Alexandria.
Contact lenses were first proposed by Leonardo Da Vinci in 1508.
From birth to toilet training, a baby goes through an average of 8000 diaper changes.
The last person who died at the Berlin Wall attempted to escape in a hot air balloon but fell to his death.
While dinosaurs were ancestrally bipedal, many extinct groups included quadrupedal species, and some were able to shift between these stances.
The Longest Tunnel in the World is 57 km long and goes from Switzerland to Italy underneath Alps. It took 17 Years to Build.
Many scientists believe that an asteroid hit the Yucatan Peninsula of Mexico 65.5 million years ago and caused or contributed to the extinction of dinosaurs.
1089 x 9 = 9801.
President Obama has read every Harry Potter book.
Switzerland sent 31 soldiers to Afghanistan in 2003, its first military deployment since 1815.
The 'de-militarized' zone between North and South Korea is the world's most militarized zone
Airlines make more money selling air miles than seats: between 1.5 and 2.5 cents per mile.
An average swimming pool loses 1,000 gallons (3,785 L) a month to evaporation and other causes
Over 30% of cancer could be prevented by avoiding tobacco and alcohol, having a healthy diet and physical activity.
The Atlantic Ocean is big enough to let every person in the US have their own cubic kilometer in it.
Part of the White House was built by slaves
John F Kennedy had such concerns about the space program's high cost, that he proposed partnering with the Soviet Union on a joint expedition to the moon.
Martin Luther King Jr. is a Grammy Award winner for Best Spoken Word Album.
During the past 40 years, at least 20% of the Amazon rainforest has been cut down
In the UK, accents change noticeably about every 25 miles (40km)
When the "Elephant Whisperer" Lawrence Anthony died, a herd of elephants arrived at his house to mourn him
Women are approximately two times more likely than men to suffer from major depression.
The American Civil War broke out in 1861 when the Confederates attacked a U.S. fortress, Fort Sumter, and ended with the surrender of all Confederate armies in 1865.
Australia has the world's 12th-largest economy and it had the world's 5th-highest per-capita income in 2014.
Marijuana is legal and is not even classified as a drug in North Korea.
10 times more people  suffer from  major depression  now than in 1945.
In 1963, an East German soldier stole a tank drove it through the Berlin Wall to escape.
Florida was the first part of the continental U.S. to be visited by Europeans. Spanish conquistador Juan Ponce de Leon gave it its name, meaning "flowery land."
You can navigate YouTube in more than 80 different languages, covering 95% of the Internet population
1 in 8 adolescents in the U.S. have clinical depression.
Christopher Columbus Italian name was Cristoforo Colombo. He was a citizen of the Republic of Genoa.
Martin Luther King Jr. was jailed 29 times.
1 in 3 Jews in the U.S. put up a Christmas tree in their home during the holiday season, a survey found.
In China, over 35 million people still live in caves.
August 2014 was the warmest August ever recorded globally.
Judaism believes in another Torah (Bible) that Moses passed down orally in an unbroken chain from generation to generation for 1,400 years.
Oil is cheaper than water in Venezuela and Saudi Arabia
Instant Coffee was invented by a man called George Washington around 1910.
The key to happiness is spending your money on experiences rather than possessions, according to studies.
1 in 50,000 penguins are born with brown rather than black plumage
James Harrison has donated blood over 1,000 times saving over 2 million unborn babies from Rhesus disease.
100 million people come to India's Kumbh Mela Festival, the world's biggest gathering of humans
The "Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas" sign was created in 1959.
California contains both the highest point (Mount Whitney) and the lowest point (Death Valley) in the contiguous United States.
The concept behind the word "cool" might come from the African word "itutu", brought to America by slavery
Venus has more volcanoes than any other planet in the solar system, with over 1600
Advertising to children under the age of 12 is illegal in Norway and Sweden.
The longest hot dog ever was made in Paraguay and had 668 ft (203 m).
600,000 hacking attempts are made to Facebook accounts every day.
Slavery was not made a statutory offense in the UK until April 6, 2010
If an atom were as big as the Solar System, a neutrino would as small as a golf ball
The head of the Statue of Liberty was displayed at the World's Fair of 1878 in Paris
In 1942, the Canadians and the British Navy launched a practice invasion of France, the "Dieppe Raid." 20% were killed, 10% wounded, 30% captured. The lessons learned in that disaster lead to D-Day's success.
Mount Everest is littered with not just the corpses of climbers but an estimated 50 tons of waste, making it world's dirtiest mountain
In October 1941, more than 50,000 Jews were killed by Romanian troops in what is now known as the "Odessa massacre."
It takes approximately 400 cacao beans to make one pound (450 gr.) of chocolate.
The Earth, seen from the moon, also goes through phases.
The average lifespan of a dolphin is 15 years. However, some of them lived 50 years.
Dinosaurs are not, technically, extinct, since birds are considered by science as a type of dinosaur.
Gold is edible.
The eruption of the Krakatoa volcano in Indonesia is believed to be the reason why the sky is red in Edvard Munch's painting "The Scream", set in Norway
A lack of exercise is now causing as many deaths as smoking across the world, a study suggests.
Arabic is an official language in Israel along with Hebrew.
In an average lifetime human skin completely replaces itself  900 times.
Walt and Roy Disney formed Disney Brothers Cartoon Studio in 1923. In 1926, the name was changed to Walt Disney Studio.
Humans have the same number of hair follicles as chimpanzees.
The CIA had a plot to use a depilatory chemical on Fidel Castro to cause his beard to fall out.
The movie Gravity was more expensive than the Indian Mars mission.
"Good cholesterol" (HDL) can "turn bad" and solidify into fat-clogs.
Iceland's population is smaller than that of Anaheim, California.
With a mainland area of 2,780,400 km2 (1,073,500 sq mi), Argentina is the eighth-largest country in the world.
Saturn's rings are only 30 to 300 feet (9 to 90 meters) thick
Around 1300 CE, Polynesians settled in today's New Zealand, and developed the distinctive Maori culture.
Denmark's population is the second happiest in the world according to the 2019 World Happiness Report.
13.8% of the world's population are Hindus.
Elvis Presley was just 22 years old when he paid US$102,500 for Graceland, the Memphis mansion that served as his home base for two decades.
The largest recorded earthquake in the U.S. was a magnitude 9.2 that struck Prince William Sound, Alaska in 1964
Sweden had a Charles VII but no Charles I to VI
The name "Jessica" first appeared in Shakespeare's play "The Merchant of Venice.
Spiders can walk on water, and breathe under it, too
In the Netherlands, there are dozens of public facilities where you can bring recreational drugs including marijuana, cocaine and ecstasy to test if they are safe.
Europe and Africa are only separated by 14.3 km (8.9 mi) of ocean and there are talks of creating the longest bridge ever.
Alexander the Great founded 70 cities, naming at least 20 after himself and one after his horse.
Your mobile phone has more computing power than the computers used for the Apollo 11 moon landing.
The lion from MGM is called "Leo the Lion".
The United States and Gabon are the only two countries that allow experimentation on chimpanzees.
In Buddhism, Karma is the force that drives the cycle of suffering and rebirth for each being.
Pluto has ice made out of water and a blue sky
In his lifetime, a man spends almost six months shaving.
20%of women in the U.S. earn at least $5,000 more than their spouse
Penguins can jump up to 6 feet (1.8 m) out of the water
80% of humanity lives on less than US$10 per day
Einstein's Nobel Prize money went to his ex-wife as a divorce settlement.
7 million Buddhists are found outside of Asia.
The average adult in Switzerland has a net worth of US$513,000
The First YouTube Video was uploaded in April 2005, featuring its co-founder Jawed Karim at the San Diego Zoo
In 2008, Norway knighted a penguin.
Barack Obama, the 44th President of the U.S., was the first African American to hold the office and the first born outside of the continental U.S.
Covering nearly 40 square miles, Walt Disney World Resort in Florida is about the size of San Francisco or two Manhattan islands.
U.S. troops in Vietnam employed over 5,000 'war dogs'
In 1973, Nixon gave Colombia a lunar rock collected during the Apollo 17 landing. The plaque reads "Presented to the People of the Republic of Columbia."
As of 2008, land degradation affected 1.5 billion people globally
North Korea, independent since 1948, is not recognized by Japan and South Korea.
The Horse Head used in the movie "The Godfather" was real
During Islam's Golden Age, scientists were paid the equivalent of what pro athletes are paid today.
There're more bacteria in your mouth than there are people in the world.
An Indian man claims he hasn't eaten or drunk for 70 years. After many tests, doctors still don't know how it's possible
Whales drown if they remain underwater for over 30 minutes
After Christianity, the largest religious affiliation in the U.S. is Judaism.
The blood you donate is sold on the open market and it's a US$4.5 billion per year industry.
Every second, the Sun sends to earth 10 times more neutrinos than the number of people on earth
The Italian mafia accounts for 7% of Italy's GDP.
Despite assassination plots, an invasion and five decades of economic sanctions, Fidel Castro outlasted nine U.S. presidents in power, from Eisenhower to Clinton.
Lack of oxygen in the brain for 5 to 10 minutes results in permanent brain damage
Residents of Churchill, Canada, leave their cars unlocked to offer an escape for pedestrians who might encounter Polar Bears
All Dutch electric trains are powered by wind energy, serving 600,000 passengers daily
40%of schizophrenics are left-handed, despite being only 10% of the world's population.
If your laptop feels hot, don't put it on your lap if you're a man, it may cause infertility.
JFK's application to Harvard was just 5 sentences long.
Modern versions of enslavement are estimated to trap about 45 million people worldwide.
More gold is recoverable from a ton of personal computers than from 17 tons of gold ore.
Japan has more than 50,000 people who are over 100 years old.
France once controlled more than 8% of the world's land.
15%of American adults do not use the Internet
The Cuban Missile Crisis of 1962 started as a result of information from a Russian spy who was executed by Russia the following year.
The water in a blue whale's mouth weighs as much as its entire body
The chances of us eating even one spider in our sleep throughout our lifetime is close to 0%
Dolphins and whales give birth  with the tail first instead of the head.
Demand for quinoa in Western nations has pushed up prices so much that poorer people in Peru and Bolivia, where quinoa is from, can no longer afford their staple crop
If you have US$10 in your pocket and no debts, you are wealthier than 25% of Americans.
Lack of sleep can cause weight gain of 2 pounds (0.9 kg)in under a week.
It takes the Solar System about 240 million years to complete one orbit of the Galaxy
Most dinosaurs are known from just a single tooth or bone.
In 1908 the Imperial Russian Olympic Team arrived in London 12 days too late for the games because they were not using the Gregorian calendar yet
George Washington died after his doctors removed 40% of his blood (80 ounces) over a 12-hour period to cure a throat infection.
Exposure to Secondhand smoke causes nearly 50,000 deaths each year in the U.S. alone
LSD was legal in California until 1966.
Chimps use medicinal plants to treat themselves for illness and injury.
The name "Amazon" comes from the "Amazons" of Greek mythology, a race of woman warriors. In many tribes of the area, women fought alongside the men
Some historians believe that Columbus visited Iceland's Snaefellsnes Peninsula in 1477 and there learned of Viking explorations of the New World.
Warner Music collected over US$2 million in royalties in 2008 for public usage of the "Happy Birthday" song.
Chicken contains 266% more fat than it did 40 years ago.
In 1891, London built a structure designed to surpass the Eiffel Tower in height. It was unsteady, never completed and demolished in 1907
Apple has more operating cash than the U.S. Treasury.
Elvis Presley hated John Lennon and wanted to beat him up for his anti-war stance.
31% of rock star deaths are related to drugs or alcohol.
The Sagrada Familia church in Spain, has been under construction for over 130 years and it's only expected to be complete by 2026
In 1801, the Kingdom of Ireland and the Kingdom of Great Britain merged to create a United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.
In military terms, D-Day means a date and H-Hour a time for combat operations.
The Bible is widely considered to be the best-selling book of all time, with estimated total sales of over 5 billion copies.
95% of Paraguayans are mestizos: people of mixed Spanish and Native-American ancestry.
Octopuses are eaten alive in Korea.
Every August 13 this celebrated "Left-Handers Day" since 1996.
Angel Falls in Venezuela is 17 times higher than Niagara
1 in 10 known species in the world lives in the Amazon Rainforest
The world's largest pyramid is not in Egypt but in Mexico.
Martin Luther King, Jr.'s original name was Michael Luther King, Jr.
In France, you can marry a dead person.
There's a volcano in Indonesia that spews blue flames.
Traffic in central London moves at the same speed as horse-drawn carriages a century ago
Iceland was the most peaceful place on Earth for six years straight since 2010, according to the Institute for Economics and Peace.
Koalas sleep up to 20 hours a day.
14 billion pounds (6B Kg.) of garbage are dumped into the ocean every year. Most of it is plastic.
London attracted over 16 million international visitors in 2014, making it the world's most visited city
142 million girls throughout the world will be married before the age of 18 by 2020 if present trends continue
Hinduism has no single founder, founding incident or date of origin.
The Musicians of the Titanic kept playing music for hours as the ship sank.
Pluto takes 248 years to orbit the Sun.
Men spend almost a year of their lives staring at women, a survey found.
About 24,000 people are killed by lightning strikes around the world each year.
Holding a vibrator against a person's throat relaxes the vocal muscles, thereby improving their voice quality
Severe Depression can cause us to biologically age more by increasing the aging process in cells.
If it were a country, California would be the 8th economy in the world and the 35th most populous.
Koalas are excellent swimmers.
Climbing the Mount Everest cost around US$65,000
37% of Americans think global warming is a hoax.
89% of people in Sweden speak English.
3.2 million people visit the Statue of Liberty every year
If you were to put Saturn in water, it would float
The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) reported in 2010 that 97,123 animals suffered pain during experiments while being given no anesthesia for relief.
About 90% of the world's earthquakes occur along the Ring of Fire, an area in the basin of the Pacific Ocean.
The FBI has a Twitter slang dictionary
Harry Potter's author J.K. Rowling lost her billionaire status because she donated so much of her money to charity.
A Japanese man survived both the Hiroshima and Nagasaki atomic bombings during WW2.
Two zebras died of hunger in a zoo in Palestine and were replaced with donkeys painted with black and white stripes
The Sunrise in parts of China can be as late as 10 AM because the country joined its five time zones into a single one.
D-Day was the largest seaborne invasion in history, with over 156,000 men landing in Normandy.
Four forward compartments could flood without risk of the Titanic sinking. Six did
The woman who rented her garage to Larry Page and Sergey Brin in 1998 when they were creating Google later became the CEO of YouTube
80% of information stored on all computers in the world is in English.
The U.S. government poisoned alcohol during Prohibition in the 20s and 30s, killing over 10,000 people
Pluto has a heart shape on its surface
George Washington was worth US$525 million in his day, when adjusted for inflation.
Sharks kill 12 people per year while people kill 11,417 sharks per hour.
Italy has the eighth-largest economy in the world.
The first heart transplant using a "dead heart" was performed by surgeons in Australia, in October 2014.
Steve Jobs never wrote a single line of programming code
Elizabeth II is the Queen of New Zealand and the head of state.
Kokura, Japan, was the original target of the atomic bomb that landed in Nagasaki.
China is the world's largest supplier of Bibles.
Women spend nearly one year of their lives deciding what to wear
Placebos are 31% to 38% effective in treating depression, compared to 46% to 54% for antidepressants.
George Washington was a ginger.
The average ocean depth is 2.5 miles (4 km).
Parents of new babies miss out on 6 months worth of sleep in the first 2 years of their child's life.
29,000 rubber ducks were lost at sea in 1992, and are still being found, revolutionizing our knowledge of ocean science.
Atomic bomb tests were a major tourist attraction in Las Vegas during the 1950s.
New Zealand is part of the "Zealandia" continent, of which, 93% is submerged.
In Norway, stripping counts as an art form for tax purposes.
Alexander The Great succeeded his father, Philip II, to the throne of Macedonia at the age of 20.
Chocolate magnate Milton Hershey canceled his reservations for the Titanic due to last minute business matters.
Over 800,000 people are arrested for marijuana in the U.S. each year.
Unlike many religions, Buddhism has no single central text that is universally referred to by all traditions.
Anne Frank wrote most of her diary in the form of letters to a person named "Kitty."
1 in 3 Americans is obese.
Venezuela was the most murderous place on Earth in 2015, where one person was murdered every 21 minutes
Bolivia was named after Simon Bolivar, a military leader who led Colombia, Venezuela, Ecuador, Peru, Panama and Bolivia to independence.
Shakespeare invented about 1,700 words that we use today
The top ten deadliest snakes can be found in Australia
The CIA reads up to5 million tweets a day
In 2013, Yuichiro Miura, an 80-year-old Japanese, became the oldest person to make it to the top of Mount Everest and down
Neptune has the strongest winds in the Solar System: 2,100 km/hour (1,304 mph)
More than 1,000 white farmers have been killed in South Africa since 1990
There are more skin cancer cases due to indoor tanning than lung cancer cases due to smoking.
The average woman in the UK owns 19 pairs of shoes, but wears only 7
In Germany, there's no punishment for a prisoner who tries to escape from jail because it is a basic human instinct to be free
If you drilled a tunnel straight through the Earth and jumped in, it would take you about 42 minutes to get to the other side.
Sweden banned spanking and other corporal punishments of children in 1979
Denmark's current flag design was first used in 1219. No other modern country has used its flag for so long.
Alexander The Great began his reign by eliminating potential rivals to the throne, including his cousin, the former Amyntas IV, who was executed.
A 2011 poll of nearly 1,000 biomedical scientists conducted by the science journal Nature found that more than 90% agreed that the use of animals in research is essential.
Krusty the Clown was originally created to be Homer's secret identity
In 2013, soccer player Cristiano Ronaldo opened a museum dedicated to himself
Mexico's official name is United Mexican States.
There's only one all-white humpback whale known in the world
California has been the birthplace of the film industry, the hippie counterculture, the Internet, and the personal computer.
Cubans were prohibited from owning cell phones until 2008.
South Africa is the world's 24th-most populous nation, with over 55 million people
Paris was originally a Roman city called "Lutetia".
The population of Finland is 5.5 million as of 2019, with a density of 18 inhabitants per square km, the lowest in the EU.
At the ocean's deepest point, the water pressure is the equivalent of having 50 jumbo jets piled on top of you.
Leonardo Da Vinci was homeschooled and lacked a formal education in Greek and Latin.
George Washington stopped the Revolutionary War to return a lost dog to the enemy.
Most of Las Vegas' iconic hotels and even its famous welcome sign aren't technically located in the city of Las Vegas. They are in an unincorporated township called Paradise, Nevada.
The Afghan War is the longest war in U.S. history.
The year 2010 was the warmest on record.
Your heartbeat changes and mimics the music you listen to.
Benjamin Franklin invented  the bifocals eyeglasses  in 1784.
Antarctica is the largest desert in the world.
Humans have been hunter-gatherers for 99% of their history.
The Soviets landed a spacecraft on Venus in 1970. It became the first to land on another planet and the first to transmit data from there back to Earth
In 1986, a volcanic lake in Cameroon, Africa burped a C02 gas cloud that killed 1,746 people in minutes
There's a cruise ship that runs between Stockholm, Sweden, and Helsinki, Finland, just to purchase cheap alcohol.
The Harry Potter brand has been estimated to be worth as much as US$15 billion.
Within three days of death, the enzymes that once digested your dinner begin to eat you.
In 1998,  TIME Magazine named Bart Simpson one of the  most influential people of the century.
The declaration and fight for independence of Argentina that started in 1810 was followed by an extended civil war that lasted until 1880.
There are 100 divorces every hour in the U.S.
Islam believes to be the complete and universal version of a primordial faith revealed many times before through prophets like Adam, Noah, Abraham, Moses, and Jesus.
Worldwide, an estimated 5,000 women and girls are murdered every year for a perceived dishonor to their families
The Eiffel Tower is the most-visited paid monument in the world: 6.07 million people in 2018
In 2019, Apple grew to 139,000 employees around the world.
Hinduism believes the conditions of one's present life are due to karma, or accumulated good or bad behavior in past lives.
About 300,000 pedestrians, the population of Iceland, pass through Times Square every day.
The Ancient Greeks exercised naked.
About 153,000 people will die on your birthday.
On its one-year anniversary, the NASA's Curiosity Rover sang the Happy Birthday tune to itself on Mars.
Doctors' sloppy handwriting kills more than 7,000 people annually.
Brazil's economy is the world's 8th-largest by GDP as of 2019.
Some Fish, like the Triggerfish, can swim backward.
Listening to music while working out measurably improves physical performance.
The Quran emphasizes bodily resurrection, a break from the pre-Islamic Arabian understanding of death.
1.9 million people were working for McDonald's in 2019 and its franchisees around the world.
Since 1870, global sea levels have risen by about 8 inches (20 cm).
When Columbus "discovered" the Americas, the continent was already inhabited by 90 million people which was a third of the world's population.
The average office desk has 400 times more bacteria than a toilet.
The strongest beer in the world has a 67.5% alcohol content.
The death penalty was outlawed in the UK partly because a man was wrongfully executed for the murder of his wife and daughter in 1950.
The majority of Internet traffic is not generated by humans, but bots like Google and Malware
There were once camels roaming in the deserts of Arizona.
Being hit by lightning causes weird skin designs called "Lichtenberg figures."
In the UK, if you reach your 100th birthday, you get a personalized card from the Queen
There's no physical description of Jesus in the Bible.
Germany's decades-long tendency to population decline has been offset by waves of immigration
People who work 11 hours or more a day are 67% more likely to have a heart attack than people with an 8-hour work day, according to a study.
There is a sect, offshoot of Christianity, that believes Jesus is currently living in China as a Chinese woman.
A porcupine can fight off a pride of lions.
75% of the world's active and dormant volcanoes are in the Ring of Fire, an area in the basin of the Pacific Ocean.
Only female mosquitoes drink blood. Males are vegetarians.
Herrings communicate through farts.
The first webcam was created in Cambridge to check the status of a coffee pot.
About 100 billion people have died in all human history.
Neuroscientists believe babies don't dream for the first few years of their life.
The Queen of England owns a McDonald's near Buckingham Palace.
Bart Simpson's name is an anagram of  BRAT. His full name is Bartholomew Jojo Simpson
2.4 billion people used Facebook at least once a month in Q2 2019, while 1.5 billion used it every day.
There's a Golf Club on the border of Sweden and Finland: half the holes are in one country and half in the other.
The inventor of the Chocolate Chip Cookie sold the idea to Nestle Toll House in return for a lifetime supply of chocolate.
Paraguay and Brazil's Itaipu Dam is the hydroelectric plant that produces more energy in the world, setting a new world record in 2016.
Smoking costs the U.S. US$333 billion per year in health-care expenses and lost productivity to boot.
Publisher Bloomsbury offered just 2,500 in advance for Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone, the first book of the series.
Pandas can poop up to 40 times a day
Anne Frank was born Annelies Marie Frank on June 12, 1929.
350 million people of all ages around the world suffer from depression.
Giraffes only need 5 to 30 minutes of sleep in a 24-hour period.
Michael Phelps, the most decorated Olympian of all time, was bullied as a kid for his gangly form and big ears.
The fastest a dolphin can swim near the surface is 33.5 mph (54 km/h).
Harry Potter and author JK Rowling share the same birthday
There are more living organisms in a teaspoonful of soil than there are people on earth.
There are 177,147 ways to tie a tie, according to mathematicians.
One of the widest freeways in the world is the Katy Freeway, part of the Interstate 10 in Texas, with up to 26 lanes across
All characters on The Simpson's have just 4 fingers on each hand, except for one with five: God
The pyramids were built by paid laborers. Not slaves. That's a myth by Herodotus, the Greek historian
In 15 years of conquest, Alexander The Great never lost a battle.
Iran sentences its citizens to the death penalty if they decide to change their religion from Islam.
English words "I
we
two" and "three" are among the most ancient, from thousands of years.
Facebook has 100 million active users in Africa.
China has the world's largest standing army and second-largest defense budget as of 2019.
Pluto never made a full revolution around the sun while it was still considered a planet
Benjamin Franklin was born in Boston, Massachusetts, on January 17, 1706. He lived 85 years.
1 billion people still defecate in the open, in the absence of a toilet
Scientists have discovered that monkeys are susceptible to optical illusions, just like humans.
If you were drafted during the American Civil War you could legally pay someone else $300 to go in your place.
Qatar's 2022 World Cup will take more lives than 9/11 due to horrible working conditions for migrant workers building stadiums and infrastructure
In 1981, a man who had been bullying residents of a small Missouri town was murdered in broad daylight when 46 people rose up against him, in an act of vigilante justice.
All characters on The Simpson's are based on, and named after his creator Matt Groening's family
Saturn's rings are younger than the dinosaurs. They were likely formed just 100 million years ago.
Las Vegas is home to 17 of the 20 largest hotels in the U.S.
In western Iran, there's a viper with a fake spider for a tail
Apple sold 572,000 iPhones per day in 2018.
You can change your language on Facebook to "Pirate."
On average, soccer players run as far as 9.5 miles in a single match.
Smoking causes 1 in every 5 deaths in the U.S. every year
Of modern countries currently independent, New Zealand was the first to allow women the vote.
La Tomatina is an annual festival held in Spain where people throw thousands of tomatoes at each other.
After WW1, Finland, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, and Poland emerged as independent nations.
Alexander the Great was tutored by Aristotle until the age of 16.
Every Apple iPhone ad displays the time as 9:41 AM, the time Steve Jobs unveiled it in 2007
Kissing someone for one minute burns about 2 calories.
Stalin didn't start learning Russian until he was 8. His mother tongue was Georgian
2,520 is the smallest number that can be exactly divided by all the numbers 1 to 10.
Dolphins have the longest memory in the animal kingdom.
The 7 spikes on the Statue of Liberty's crown represent the 7 oceans and the 7 continents of the world, indicating the universal concept of liberty
Romantic love is biochemically indistinguishable from having a severe obsessive-compulsive disorder.
It would take less than 6 months to get to the Moon by car at 60mph (95km/h).
Research shows that if you're afraid of spiders, you're more likely to find one in your bedroom
20,000 children die worldwide every day due to poverty
The theory that the Sun is the center around which the planets orbit was first proposed by the ancient Greek Aristarchus of Samos in the 3rd century BC
The Amazon rainforest  has been in existence for at least  55 million years
During his time as a Congressman and later as U.S. President, John F Kennedy donated all of his salary to charity.
The English word Bible comes from the Latin "biblia" which means "books".
Sideburns are named after American Civil War General, General Burnside.
In the U.S., 1 in 8 women will be diagnosed with breast cancer in their lifetime.
Spiders eat their own webs to recycle them
Prostitution is legal in Canada. Buying the services of a prostitute is not
Humans killed at least 2.8 million whales in the 20th century
Japanese Trains are among the world's most punctual: their average delay is just 18 seconds.
Hinduism worships over 33 million gods or demigods.
Depression can cause you to dream up to 3 to 4 times more than you normally would.
Nelson Mandela slept on a thin mat on a stone floor for most of his 27 years in prison.
Proportionally speaking, the most destructive war in modern history was the War of the Triple Alliance, which took the lives of over 60% of Paraguay's population, leaving a woman/man ratio of 4 to 1.
North Korea has  51 "Social Categories"  ranked by their  loyalty to the regime.
About 2,000 pandas are found in the wild
The oldest known fossil penguin species lived in the early Paleocene epoch  of New Zealand, about 62 million years ago
Heavy marijuana smokers are at risk for some of the same health effects as cigarette smokers, like bronchitis and other respiratory illnesses.
All of the 20 richest women in the world --except for #17-- inherited their money from either their husband or their father
London was founded by the Romans, who named it Londinium
160,000 U.S. children miss school every day due to a fear of bullying.
Coffee is most effective if consumed between 9:30 am and 11:30 am.
More than 2,500 left-handed people are killed every year by using equipment meant for right-handed people.
In the U.K., it is legal for kids over 5 years old to drink alcohol at home or on other private premises
YouTube was founded by 3 former employees of PayPal
The moon is moving away from us by 3.78 cm (1.48 in) a year.
The estimated number of dinosaur species that existed in the Mesozoic era is between 1,543 and 2,468 species.
An American Soldier ran across the border to North Korea in 1962 and lived there for the rest of his life.
There are Potato Chips Dipped in Milk Chocolate.
Before trees were common, the Earth was covered with giant mushrooms.
About 300 couples marry in Las Vegas every day.
Antarctica is about 1.3 times as large as Europe
In 2001, the World Christian Encyclopedia counted 33,830 different Christian denominations.
Cats, from lions and tigers right down to domestic felines, cannot taste anything sweet.
1 out of every 8 Americans is from California, the most populous state, with 39.9 million people as of 2019.
Facebook has 43,030 full-time employees as of September 30, 2019.
A cat has been the mayor of Talkeetna, Alaska for 15 years
McDonald's is not the world's largest restaurant chain. Subway is.
60% of the world's population live in countries where the death penalty is legal, such as China, India, the U.S. and Indonesia.
In London, it is illegal to die in the Houses of Parliament
The average toilet uses 6 litres (1.6 gal) of clean water in a single flush
Ancient Egyptians worshiped over 1,400 different gods and goddesses.
HP Printer black ink is more expensive than blood.
Floating cities above the clouds of Venus may be our best bet for becoming a two-planet species. Conditions there are so similar to Earth a human wouldn't need a pressurized suit, the gravity is similar and transit times are shorter than to Mars
A child dies every 8 seconds from contaminated water
In ancient Greek, the word "idiot" meant anyone who wasn't a politician.
Finland is the world's happiest country, according to the 2019 World Happiness Report.
The parliament of Iceland, established in 930, is the oldest active parliament in the world.
There's a toilet-themed restaurant in Taiwan, where food is served on miniature toilets
Nelson Mandela and his first wife divorced after 13 years because of his adultery, and the fact that she was a member of the Jehovah's Witnesses, a religion requiring political neutrality.
In 2010, Minnesota used more cats for testing than any other state (2,703), New Jersey used the most dogs (6,077), and Massachusetts used the most primates (7,458).
The Statue of Liberty was intended for Egypt.
Earthquakes turn water into gold.
George Washington never wore a wig: his hair was naturally long and lustrous, although he did use powder to make it white.
There are about 500,000 detectable earthquakes in the world each year. 100,000 of those can be felt, and 100 of them cause damage.
A teaspoon of water contains about 500,000,000,000,000,000,000,000 atoms in it.
The average smoker in the U.S. spends US$1,500 to US$3,300 a year
Disney owns 80% of ESPN.
By the end of 2019, Facebook had offices in 70 cities worldwide.
Martin Luther King Jr. was the youngest person to win the Nobel Peace Prize until Malala won it on 2014.
An individual horse has a peak power output of 14.9 horsepower
China is the world's most populous country, with an estimated 1.4 billion people as of 2019, and the third-largest by land area.
The richest man in Asia, Sir Ka-shing Li, dropped out of school at the age of 15.
A person from Las Vegas is called a "Las Vegan".
Bananas are slightly radioactive.
Human life expectancy has increased more in the last 50 years than in the previous 200,000 years of human existence.
Flowers can grow faster by listening to music.
The word "Dinosaur" comes from the ancient Greek and means "terrible lizard".
France is the most visited country in the world: 83 million tourists in 2012.
Of all the solar system's planets, Venus is the closest to a twin of Earth, with a similar size, orbit and composition
If you have a pizza with radius Z and thickness A, its volume is = Pi*Z*Z*A
The Bible was Isaac Newton's greatest passion, writing more about religion than science and mathematics.
Underweight models are banned in Israel to fight against anorexia.
If people worldwide switched to energy efficient lightbulbs the world would save US$120 billion annually
It's illegal in many countries to perform surgery on an octopus without anesthesia due to their intelligence.
In 1999, the U.S. government paid the Zapruder family US$16 million for the film of JFK's assassination.
The original tapes of the Apollo 11 moon landing were erased and re-used by mistake.
Women speak about 20,000 words a day. That's 13,000 more than the average man
In the border between Egypt and Sudan, there are795 sq miles (2,060 km2) of land unclaimed by neither.
McDonald's makes about US$75 million per day.
Tokyo Disneyland was the first Disney theme park outside of the U.S. It was opened in April 1983.
Vietnamese don't call it the "Vietnam War," they call it the "Resistance War Against America.
Recycling one aluminum can saves enough energy to listen to a full album on your iPod
The official Twitter account of @Sweden is given to a random citizen every week to manage
Brazil has the 2nd highest number of airports in the world, after the U.S.
There are more life forms living on your skin than there are people on the planet.
Vegetarians are 19% less likely to die from heart disease, a study found.
It snows metal on planet Venus
Newton invented/discovered calculus in about the same amount of time the average student learns it.
Every adult Muslim must go on a pilgrimage to Mecca at least once in a lifetime if he is physically and financially capable.
A man in Nebraska is breeding red cows and sending them to Israel so that Jews build a Third Temple and "Jesus comes again".
90% of the world's fresh water is in Antarctica
Historically, for every 100 climbers who have made it to the summit of Mount Everest, 4 have died
6 months takes to make an episode of The Simpsons
Robert F. Kennedy was shot by a Palestinian because of his strong support for Israel.
London ranked as the 6th most expensive city to live in 2016
Some Buddhist monks in Japan used to practice self-mummification by adhering to a special diet, then sealing themselves alive into burial chambers.
Einstein was offered the presidency of Israel which he politely declined.
In Finland, 9 out of 10 plastic bottles are returned for recycling and almost 100% of glass bottles are also recycled.
The word "mortgage" comes from a French word that means "death contract".
D'oh! is a real word in the  Oxford English Dictionary . In The Simpsons scripts, it just says "annoyed grunt.
Benjamin Franklin was an advocate of "air baths", during which he would spend up to an hour reading or writing in his house completely naked.
Benjamin Franklin organised and was the first secretary of the American Philosophical Society. He was elected president in 1769.
Christianity is the world's largest religion, with over 2.4 billion adherents, about a third of the world's population.
Over 3 million people perished from war, slavery, and the mines in Hispaniola under the rule of Christopher Columbus.
Every resident of Alaska gets an annual "oil royalty check", a payment representing their share of revenue from Alaskan oil. In 2008, it was US$2,069
In 5,000 years of human history, only one disease has been eradicated: smallpox.
Sitting for more than three hours a day can cut two years off a person's life expectancy.
Switzerland has the second highest life expectancy in the world with 83.4 years
Con artist Victor Lustig "sold" the Eiffel Tower to a scrap metal dealer
California's official state animal, the California grizzly bear, is extinct.
Mexico is the world's fattest country.
According to astronauts, space smells like seared steak, hot metal and welding fumes
In 2006, a woman farted on a plane and tried to cover up the smell by lighting matches, causing an emergency landing
Finland is part of Fennoscandia, not Scandinavia.
At its economic height, in the 5th and 4th centuries BC, Ancient Greece was the most advanced economy in the world.
Steve Jobs was awarded 141 new patents since his death
The stripes on each tiger are unique, like human fingerprints
Six ten-billionths of the Sun is gold
The first Google Doodle was dedicated to the Burning Man festival attended by Google founders in 1998.
Excavations throughout Italy revealed a Neanderthal presence dating back to some 200,000 years ago, while modern Humans arrived about 40,000 years ago.
First marriages that end in a divorce usually last approximately 8 years.
While most of the Amazon rainforest is in Brazil (60%), it's also in Peru (13%), Colombia (10%), Venezuela, Ecuador, Bolivia and three countries.
The Sahara desert stretches farther than the distance from New York to Los Angeles.
The global average sea level rose by 19 cm (7.4 in) from 1901 to 2010, as oceans expanded due to warming and melting ice
Beer was illegal in Iceland until March 1, 1989. Now, the date is celebrated every year in Reykjavik as Bjordagur, or Beer Day.
Pluto was demoted to dwarf planet status not because it was too small, but because it's not unique among a mass of objects that orbit the sun beyond Neptune
Many expensive Perfumes contain whale poop
In 1993, the U.S. Congress and President Clinton apologized for overthrowing the Hawaiian Kingdom in 1893 and acknowledged that the U.S. annexed Hawaii unlawfully.
A Vietnam War Sniper crawled for 3 days across 2000m of open field, killed a general with one shot, then crawled back
Fidel Castro holds the record for the longest speech ever delivered to the United Nations: 4 hours and 29 minutes, on Sept. 26, 1960.
Author J. K. Rowling wrote the final chapter of the last Harry Potter book in 1990, 7 years before the release of the first book.
The largest earthquake ever recorded was a magnitude 9.5 in Chile back in 1960.
The Minangkabau tribe of Indonesia, where marriage perpetuates the female line, refer to a husband as the "borrowed man."
1 in 3 people people lack access to basic sanitation services, such as toilets or latrines
All prisoners in Norway have internet in their cells.
Norway's public Universities are free for students from anywhere in the world.
Every year, Walt Disney World's "Lost and Found" collects more than 6,000 cell phones, 3,500 digital cameras, and 18,000 hats.
There's a direct descendant of Christopher Columbus alive today. He's a Spanish noble.
Barack Obama was the first sitting U.S. president to visit a federal prison.
Humans are 50% heavier and four inches taller in the past 100 years than they have been throughout most of human history.
In 1998, all 11 members of a soccer team in Africa were killed by lightning while leaving the other team unhurt.
A 13-year old boy in Florida was once arrested for excessive farting in school.
100 acres of Pizza are served in the U.S. every day
JFK  has been the  only Roman Catholic  U.S. president.
Canada's population density is among the lowest in the world, at 3.7 inhabitants per sq km (9.6/sq mi)
Anne Frank's concentration camp was liberated by British troops just weeks after her death.
Al-Qaeda initially considered targeting nuclear power plants on 9/11 but decided against it, fearing things could "get out of control."
The Eiffel Tower is the tallest structure  in Paris: 324 metres (1,063 ft) high
Many Fish can taste without even opening their mouths.
People in Africa and Asia have to walk an average of 3.7 miles (6 KM) to collect water.
Your brain uses 20% of the total oxygen and blood in your body
A man rode his bike from Sweden to Mount Everest and then tried to summit. He turned around 300 feet from the top
The US National Institutes of Health (NIH) spends $14 billion of its $31 billion annual budget on animal research.
If you earn more than US$21,000 a year, you are part of the richest 4% of the planet
Benjamin Franklin attempted to abolish slavery already in 1790.
Angelina Jolie's breast cancer announcement doubled the number of women being tested in its first few months.
In 1962, the U.S. blew up a hydrogen bomb in space that was 100 times more powerful than Hiroshima.
The U.S. purchased Alaska from Russia for just US$7.2 million in 1867
California has more than 130,000 people in prison.
Apple earns US$300,000 per minute.
You can't cry on space because your tears won't ever fall
Two actors have died playing Judas in live Biblical productions by accidentally hanging themselves for real during his death scene
The Danish monarchy is over 1000 years old, making it the oldest monarchy in Europe still existing today.
The "I'm feeling lucky" button costs Google US$110 million per year, as it bypasses all ads.
50%is the lifetime risk of developing Cancer for a man in the U.S.
Swedish scientist Svante Arrhenius was the first to claim that fossil fuel combustion may eventually result in enhanced global warming already in 1896.
In 2004, Gates predicted that the problem of spam email would be gone within two years.
Antarctica is the only continent without reptiles
There is a "Gospel of Judas" not found in the Bible that speaks of Judas as the only one of Jesus' disciples who fully understood his teachings. He turned Jesus over to the Romans because Jesus asked him to.
Newton was secretly an Alchemist.
The Netherlands is the world's largest per capita consumer of coffee, averaging 2.4 cups of coffee per person per day
The world's biggest family lives together in India: a man with 39 wives and 94 children
In 1999, the founders of Google actually tried to sell it to Excite for just US$1 million. Excite turned them down.
A clean mouth has between 1,000 and 100,000 bacteria on each tooth.
In the wild, male lions live  10 to 14 years.
Baby foreskins are commonly used in cosmetic treatments.
George Washington is worshipped as a god by Japanese Shinto priests in Hawaii.
Japan's birth rate is so low adult diapers are sold more than baby diapers.
It's scientifically proven that even a small dose of POWER changes how a person's brain operates and diminishes empathy
McDonald's restaurants feed 68 million people every day. That's more than the entire population of the U.K.
.Sucking a king's nipples was a gesture of submission in ancient Ireland.
The world's oceans contain nearly 20 million tons of gold.
The San people of Southern Africa today use the same set of tools that were found in a Cave, dating to 44,000 years ago.
A russian woman in the 1700s gave birth to 16 pairs of twins, 7 sets of triplets and 4 sets of quadruplets in just 40 years with the same man
Koala bears aren't bears: They're marsupials.
Tomato ketchup can prevent heart disease more effectively than fresh tomatoes.
The 'intense world theory of autism' suggests that autistic people shut down because they experience and feel too much.
Breathing the air of Beijing has the same health risks as smoking 21 cigarettes a day
The Earth's average global land and ocean surface temperature for September 2019 was 0.95C (1.71F) above the 20th century average.
In 1672, an angry mob of Dutchmen killed and ate their prime minister
McDonald's first menu items were hot dogs, not hamburgers.
Denmark has a population of 5.8 million people as of 2019. Despite a low birth rate, it keeps growing thanks to immigration.
Fortune cookies are not a traditional Chinese custom. They were invented in early 1900 in San Francisco.
It would take 1,200,000 mosquitoes, each sucking once, to completely drain the average human of blood.
In 2007, the CIA released documents that revealed the agency's collaboration with the italian mafia in a failed 1960 attempt to assassinate Fidel Castro.
North Korea is officially not Communist. Since 2009 its ideology is called "Juche".
Men lie 6 times a day, twice as often as women.
The New York Times wrote an article about every single 9/11 victim.
An Octopus doesn't have  8 arms  but 6 arms and 2 legs.
The Mahabharata, used to teach the principles of Hinduism, is 1.8 million words long and is the longest poem in the world.
There are more bicycles in Copenhagen, Denmark, than people.
Cuba is the largest island in the Caribbean, with an area of 110,860 square kilometres (42,800 sq mi).
After 9/11, the Maasai tribe of Kenya gave 14 of their most important cattle to America as aid.
The Statue of Liberty has a 35-foot (10,6m) waistline
A third of all divorce filings of 2011 in the U.S. contained the word "Facebook."
In Iceland, you can hand-draw a map on a piece of mail without an address, and it will still make it to its destination.
Young elephants, pandas, koalas, and hippos eat the feces of their mothers.
Between 40% and 80% of the population of Classical Athens were slaves.
People who regularly eat dinner or breakfast in restaurants double their risk of becoming obese.
At any given time, 0.7% of the world is drunk. So 50 million people are drunk right now.
When the Golden Gate Bridge opened on May 27, 1937, the celebration lasted a week.
Bill Gates was arrested in New Mexico in 1977 for jumping a red light and driving without a license.
Both of Nelson Mandela's parents were illiterate.
Dogs have 13 blood types, horses have 8, cows have 9 while Humans only have 4
YouTube has over 2 billion users, almost one-third of all people on the Internet
Norway introduced Salmon Sushi to the Japanese in the 80s.
In 1917, Germany invited Mexico to join WW1 by attacking the U.S. in order to recover the lost territories of Texas, New Mexico and Arizona
Americans throw away 2.5 million plastic bottles per hour. Each one takes 500 years to decompose
There's an empty place next to Muhammad's Tomb, Islam's main Prophet, reserved for Jesus.
Christmas was illegal in the U.S. until 1836 as it was considered an Ancient Pagan Holiday.
London's "Big Ben" is not the tower. It's the bell inside it.
Crucifixion is still an official form of death penalty in Sudan.
Elephants and chimpanzees can display behavior patterns similar to post-traumatic stress disorder and depression.
Spending money on others yields more happiness than spending it on yourself, a study concluded
M&Ms were created in 1941 as a means for soldiers to enjoy chocolate without it melting.
One-third of first heart attacks are fatal, and another third result in permanent damage to the heart.
Barack Obama's late father was a senior economist for the Kenyan government.
Denmark has been inhabited since around 12,500 BC and agriculture has been evident since 3,900 BC.
The average person takes 183,755,600 steps in a lifetime.
Kissing someone is more sanitary than shaking hands, if you want to avoid a cold.
Between 1492 and 1503, Christopher Columbus completed four round-trip voyages between Spain and the Americas, all of them under the sponsorship of the Crown of Castile.
A bolt of lightning contains enough energy to toast 160,000 pieces of bread.
In Mexico, artists can pay their taxes with artwork.
January 2019 was the hottest month ever in Australia, with average temperatures exceeding 30 C (86 F).
Texas has its own pledge of allegiance
Anne Frank was born in Frankfurt, Germany, but her family moved to Amsterdam in the early 1930s when the Nazis gained control.
Mount Everest has about 200 dead bodies on it, which are now landmarks on the way to the top
The weird bright dots you see floating when you look at the sky are your white blood cells
In Denmark, it's illegal to burn foreign flags, but not illegal to burn the Danish flag.
The tower where Big Ben is located is officially known as "Elizabeth Tower." It was completed in 1859.
Michael Jackson wanted to do a Harry Potter musical, but J.K. Rowling said no.
The Swiss own more guns per head than the Iraqis
1 billion hours of video are watched on YouTube every day
The word "bride" comes from an old proto-germanic word meaning "to cook".
41 new species are discovered by scientists every single day
Our galaxy probably contains at least 2 billion planets like Earth.
Brazil has been the largest producer of coffee for the last 150 years.
Just 9 months after his inauguration, Barack Obama was named the 2009 Nobel Peace Prize laureate.
Licence plates in the Canadian Northwest Territories are shaped like polar bears
Government vehicles in Cuba are legally required to pick up any hitchhikers.
Almost a third of San Francisco's air pollution comes from China
As a child, Elon Musk was bullied so severely, he once had to be hospitalized because of a beating from other students.
The Eiffel Tower was going to be demolished in 1909, but was saved because it was repurposed as a giant radio antenna
South Africa is called the "Rainbow Nation" because it has 11 official languages
Obama was the first sitting U.S. president to visit Cuba in almost a century.
The average temperature in Mars is -81F (-63C).
India has the largest slave population in the modern world with over 18 million slaves
The first magazine ever seen was launched in 1663 in Germany
The average women in Bolivia, Indonesia, and Guatemala is short enough to be considered a Dwarf (4'10 or under).
The 3 tallest statues in the world are of Buddha.
99% of a Panda's diet consists of bamboo
The U.S. Navy has 75 trained dolphins to detect enemy swimmers and underwater mines.
Dolphins Recognize and Admire Themselves in Mirrors.
Benjamin Franklin published a paper saying America's population growth was so fast, it would surpass Britain in 100 years. This alarmed British leadership and was a factor in their oppression of the colonies.
Each Russian consumes 18 litres (4.8 US gal) of alcohol per year, doubling what experts consider dangerous
There are no terrestrial (land) snakes in New Zealand.
A year on Marshas 687 earth days.
There are more left-handed people with IQs over 140 than right-handed people, a study found.
India is the world's largest democracy, with 1.2 billion people
The official color of the Golden Gate Bridge is called International Orange.
Most scholars say Jesus never viewed himself as creating a new religion per se, just reforming Judaism.
A survivor of Hiroshima's atomic bombing went to Boston in 1951 and won the Marathon.
The word "Scientist" first appeared in 1833
Philematology is the science of kissing.
Nelson Mandela lost his son to AIDS.
Women in ancient Rome wore the sweat of Gladiators to improve their beauty and complexion
The doctor who claimed a link between vaccines and autism, Andrew Wakefield, created fraudulent data for his paper and lost his medical license as a result.
Anne Frank lost her German citizenship in 1941 and thus became stateless.
Napoleon wasn't short. He was actually above the average Frenchman.
Philophobia is the fear of falling in love.
China has treatment camps for Internet addicts
Australia is one of the most sparsely populated countries in the world, with just 3.3 people per sq km.
Millionaire Harris Rosen adopted an urban neighborhood in Florida, giving all families daycare, boosting the graduation rate by 75%, and cutting the crime rate in half.
The Roman Emperor Gaius Caligula made his horse a senator
32 million inappropriate videos were removed from YouTube in 2018 by a team of 10,000 reviewers
An average person in the U.S. eats 35 tons of food in a lifetime.
Boys are nearly five times more likely than girls to have autism.
Declawing cats is legal in most U.S. states but banned in at least 22 countries including Germany, Finland, Switzerland, Australia, New Zealand and Japan
1 in 5 people in France has experienced depression making it the most depressed country in the world.
Israel is the only country in the world to draft women into Military service.
Scientists can grow teeth from urine
At over 162.6 ha (401 acres), the Hindu temple Angkor Wat in Cambodia is the largest religious structure in the world.
49% of pregnancies in the U.S. are unintended. That's more than 3 million children per year
Turning back the giant hands on Big Ben's four clock faces takes an incredible 5 hours in total.
Recycling one ton of plastic can save up to 2,000 gallons of gasoline
Spain is the second largest country in Western Europe and the European Union
Although myths and speculation about a "Southern Land" date back to antiquity, Antarctica was only first sighted in 1820 by a Russian expedition
"Holland" is a province, South and North, in The Netherlands, not the name of the whole country
Researchers Joseph and Charles Vacanti grew a human "ear" seeded from implanted cow cartilage cells on the back of a living mouse to explore the possibility of fabricating body parts for plastic and reconstructive surgery.
In 1939, 835 sheep were killed by a single lightning strike in Utah.
In the U.S., Hispanics (70%) are more likely than whites (44%)to say global warming is caused by humans.
Marilyn Monroe was Jewish: she converted for her husband Arthur Miller.
Argentina has dropped 13 zeroes off their currency since 1970, a factor of ten trillion.
A 99-year-old man divorced his 96-year-old wife after 77 years of marriage because he discovered an affair she had in the 1940s.
Someone in the U.S. needs blood every two seconds.
96 elephants are killed every day in Africa.
About 200 Christmas trees catch fire every year in the U.S.
The Golden Gate uses the largest bridge cables ever made, long enough to encircle the world more than 3 times at the equator.
Daniel Radcliffe's stunt double for the first 6 Harry Potter movies was paralyzed from an accident on set in the 7th movie.
The letter u as an abbreviation for "you" was first used by Shakespeare
In Florida, it's against the law for a person to appear in public clothed in liquid latex.
Islam is the second-largest and the fastest-growing religion in the world.
Saturn's rings are not solid. They are made up of bits of ice, dust and rock
Google headquarters is called "The Googleplex", which comes from the word "googolplex", meaning a 1 followed by one hundred 0s.
Google intends to scan all known existing 129 million unique books before 2020.
Scientists finally concluded that the chicken came first, not the egg, because the protein which makes egg shells is only produced by hens
President Jimmy Carter pardoned all Vietnam draft dodgers on his second day in office
More than 600 women dressed as men in order to fight in the American Civil War.
Nearly 1 billion people will go to bed hungry tonight
The Berlin Wall was torn down by mistakenly-empowered citizens after an East German spokesman misspoke at a press conference and mentioned immediate border crossing privileges for every citizen.
Every minute, more than 500 hours of video are uploaded to YouTube
The Berlin Wall was more than 140 kilometres (87 mi) long.
The life span of giant pandas in the wild is approximately 20 years
The Queen of the UK is the legal owner of one-sixth of the Earth's land surface
Chimpanzees can develop their own fashion trends.
When a person dies, his sense of hearing is the last to go.
Capuchin Male Monkeys urinate on themselves to attract a mate.
Astronauts on the International Space Station witness around 15 sunrises and 15 sunsets every day
Nelson Mandela was South Africa's first black president.
Canada is the World's Most Educated Country: over half its residents have college degrees
Snakes kill 100,000 people every year
The name "Argentina" comes from the Latin word for silver, argentum. The original European settlers believed the country was full of silver.
There are 100,000 miles of blood vessels in an adult human body.
Clocksmiths climb the 334 stairs of the Elizabeth Tower 3 times a week to wind Big Ben's clock, whose timing can be affected by the weather, atmospheric pressure or simply by being 156 years old.
The U.S. Civil War had a Balloon Corps established by Abraham Lincoln.
Anne Frank and seven others remained in hiding for 2 years in the "Secret Annex", a small apartment behind her father's business in Amsterdam.
Coconut water can be used (in emergencies) as a substitute for blood plasma.
"Friendstalker" was one of the early names considered for Twitter
Facebook tracks which sites you visit, even AFTER you have signed out.
Giraffes only need to drink once every few days. Most of their water comes from all the plants they eat.
Dolphins can communicate with one another over a telephone, and appear to know who they are talking to.
More than 100,000 babies are born addicted to cocaine each year in the U.S., due to their mothers' use of the drug during pregnancy.
Mars is populated entirely by robots. Seven to be precise.
There are more Siberian tigers living in captivity than in their native habitat
The name "Australia" comes from the Latin "Terra Australis" or "Southern land".
Some prehistoric penguin species attained enormous sizes, becoming as tall or as heavy as an adult human
95% of the spiders in your house have never been outside
Marijuana has been legal for personal use in Alaska since 1975, and it's still legal today.
Medicinal Marijuana is Considered Kosher in Some Cases by Judaism.
The scientific term for French kissing is cataglottism.
In order to discover that penguins sleep more deeply in the afternoon, scientists crept up on sleeping penguins at different times of the day and poked them with a stick until they woke up
London lost nearly a third of its population during the Black Death in the mid-14th century
Family Guy once used footage from 9-year-old YouTube video in one of its episodes without permission from the owner. The owner's original clip was then removed from Youtube for copyright infringement.
40%of births in the U.S. come from unmarried women
In 132 AD, a Chinese inventor built a seismograph which, at the moment of an earthquake, expelled a copper ball out of the mouth of a dragon and into the mouth of a frog.
Rain has never been recorded in parts of Chile's Atacama Desert, the driest place on Earth.
Walt Disney borrowed most of the US$1.5 million needed to make Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs. It took 3 years to complete and became the highest-grossing sound film of its time.
Bill Gates' SAT score was 1590out of 1600.
When Louis Pasteur was working on the rabies vaccine, if he or his assistants got infected, they were to be shot in the head
A man married a dog in India as atonement.
It's illegal in Iceland for parents to threaten children with fictional characters.
Dreams get weirder as the night wears on
A blue whale is larger than a basketball court
Around 300 species of Octopuses are recognized.
A heartbroken Argentine farmer spent decades cultivating a guitar-shaped forest to honor his late wife.
In 1977, we received a signal from deep space that lasted 72 seconds. We still don't know how or where it came from
There's a restaurant in Japan using monkeys as waiters.
Islam view heaven as a place of physical pleasures to come.
If Texas were a nation, it would be the world's 7th largest oil producer.
India's Hindu calendar has 6 seasons: spring, summer, monsoon, autumn, winter and prevernal
Cancer causes more deaths than AIDS, tuberculosis, and malaria combined.
Over 20 million bats live in the Bracken Cave in Texas, the world's largest colony of bats
The world's largest gold bar weighs 250 kg (551 lb).
The practice of eating horseflesh is called hippophagy
Australia had the 3rd-highest human development index in the world in 2018, which measures quality of life, health, education and economic freedom.
The first time two men kissed on-screen was in 1927.
in the fiscal year of 2014, the DEA spent an average of US$4.20 per marijuana plant they uprooted.
Giraffes are the tallest animals in the world. Males can grow up to 18 feet (5.5 meters) tall.
Before his passing, George Washington had become opposed to slavery, and in his will he ordered his 300 slaves to be freed after his wife's death.
The longest complete dinosaur is the 27 meters (89 feet) long Diplodocus, which was discovered in Wyoming, U.S.
Christianity began as a Second Temple Judaic sect in the mid-1st century in Judea. It quickly spread to Europe, Mesopotamia, Asia and by the 4th century had become the official state church of the Roman Empire.
The height of the Eiffel Tower varies by 5.9 inches (15 cm) due to temperature changes.
When George Washington died, Napoleon ordered 10 days of mourning in France.
90% of all the rice in the world is consumed in Asia.
Sweden pays studentsUS$187 per month to attend high school
Isaac Newton lost the equivalent of US$3 million in today's money on stock market in 1720.
Sweden has run out of trash so it's importing garbage from Norway.
Dead people can get goose bumps.
More than a third of single Italian men between the ages of 30 and 35 live with their parents.
Koalas hug trees to cool off on hot days.
Bananas are the most popular fruits in the U.S.
Shakespeare directly mentions America only once
Energy drinks still don't have as much caffeine as a Starbucks coffee.
In order to legally give someone a tattoo in South Korea, one must obtain a doctor's license.
At the Wife Carrying World Championships in Finland, first prize is the wife's weight in beer.
98% of Canadians can speak either or both English and French.
While most penguins are monogamous, they spend most of their year apart
Mount Everest shrank one inch (2.5 cm) due to the 2015 earthquake in Nepal.
Jacksonville is the most populous city in Florida and the largest city by area in the contiguous U.S.
During WW2, the lights of Big Ben were dimmed so that German bombers could not use it for reference.
Colombia's drug trade is worth US$10 billion. That's one-quarter as much as the country's legal exports.
Couples who live together before engagement have a higher divorce rates than those who wait.
Martin Luther King Jr. added the "I have a dream" line during his speech, it was improvised.
Snakes are unable to close their eyes. They can't blink and they must sleep with their eyes open.
President Richard Nixon pardoned a lieutenant, who gathered 70-80 Vietnamese civilians into a ditch and murdered them during the My Lai massacre, from his sentence of house arrest
In 1997, an Israeli court charged and prosecuted a Jew for depicting Islam's prophet Muhammad as a pig.
Tigers are the only predators known to regularly prey on adult bears
AIDS is now the leading cause of death among adolescents in Africa
Fidel Castro's 2016 funeral procession went from Havana to Santiago de Cuba, tracing in reverse the route of the "Freedom Caravan" of January 1959 in which Castro took power.
No one has ever seen a giraffe swimming.
Norway has the world's highest gas prices at $10.12 a gallon of premium gas.
The 1950s sleeping pill thalidomide, which caused 10,000 babies to be born with severe deformities, was tested on animals prior to its commercial release.
64% of children who were bullied did not report it.
30% of all cancers diagnosed in women are breast cancers.
In 1944, by a huge coincidence, a crossword puzzle was printed with answers all containing D-Day operation "code names", which sent MI-5 into a panic thinking their invasion plans had been discovered.
Australia was inhabited by indigenous people for about 50,000 years before the British came.
In 1940, 12-year-old boy Fidel Castro wrote a letter to President F. Roosevelt to request a $10 bill because he had never seen one before.
Breathing the air in Mumbai, India, for just one day is equivalent to smoking 100 cigarettes
20 prisoners were executed in the United States in 2019.
The poorest place in the U.S. is Allen, South Dakota, where 96% are Native American
There will be a 50% increase in lightning strikes by 2100 if global warming continues, according to a scientific report.
A group of giraffes is called a tower.
Students who chew gum have better math test scores than those who do not, a study found.
White Chocolate isn't technically Chocolate, as it contains no cocoa solids or cocoa liquor.
An apple didn't hit Isaac Newton in the head, but it did make him wonder if the force that makes apples fall influences the moon's motion around Earth.
The five most practiced religions in the world --Christianity, Islam, Hinduism, Chinese folk religion and Buddhism-- have their origins in Asia.
Bolivia has 37 official languages
Isaac Newton developed a sunlight phobia from staring at the sun.
The largest county in the U.S., located in Alaska, is roughly the size of Germany
Breast Cancer kills 450 men in the U.S. every year.
5 to 6 billion years from now, as the Sun becomes a red giant, Saturn's moon Titan will become warm enough for life to possibly evolve in manner similar to Earth.
Christianity is severely persecuted in at least 27 countries.
No U.S. president has been elected after being divorced except for Ronald Reagan.
Over 20% of the U.S. population still believe that vaccines cause autism.
75% of school shooting incidents have been linked to bullying and harassment.
Antarctica is the coldest, windiest, highest and driest continent on Earth
A blue whale's heart can be as large as a car
A natural predator of the Moose is the Killer Whale. They have been known to prey on moose swimming around America's Northwest Coast
McDonald's' golden arches are recognized by more people than the cross.
There is a food substitute intended to supply all daily nutritional needs, known as "Soylent".
Homo sapiens reached the region of Indonesia around 45,000 years ago.
The boiling point of water at the top of Mt. Everest is 71 C (160 F)
Laughing 100 times is equivalent to 15 minutes of exercise on a stationary bicycle.
1 Can of Soda a day increases your chances of getting type 2 diabetes by 22%.
More than 1 billion people still do not have access to fresh water
The highest race horse speed ever recorded was 43.97 mph (70.76 km/h)
In Ancient Greece, a crucial part of a wealthy teenager's education was a mentorship with an elder, which in a few places and times may have included pederastic love.
Venezuela's name comes from the Italian word "Veneziola" (little Venice). Explorer Amerigo Vespucci saw native stilt houses built in Lake Maracaibo, reminding him of Venice
Italy is home to the largest number of UNESCO World Heritage Sites with 50.
"Aotearoa," often translated as "land of the long white cloud," is the current Maori name for New Zealand.
Only 333 bodies of the Titanic's victims were recovered, one in five of the over 1500 victims
There's a bar in Ireland that opened in the year 900 A.D. and is still operational. It's called "Sean's Bar".
In 1962, the CIA told South Africa the location of Nelson Mandela, leading to his arrest, which put him in jail for 27 years.
The Sun is thought to have completed about 20 orbits during its lifetime and just 1/1250th of an orbit since the origin of humans
There are more tigers privately owned by U.S. citizens than in the wild worldwide
350,000 Tweets are sent every minute
The world consumes close to 2.25 billion cups of coffee every day.
Indonesia has the world's highest rate of deforestation, with Brazil as a close second.
German casualties on D-Day were around 1,000 men, while Allied casualties were at least 10,000.
There's high-speed Internet on the way up to Mount Everest
Florida is the 3rd most populous state in the U.S.
Jehovah's Witnesses don't celebrate birthdays because the only two accounts of birthday parties in the Bible ended in murder
Giraffes make no sound. Not because they can't, but they choose not to.
Brazil is the 5th largest country in the world and it's home to 210 million people as of 2019.
Scientists detected traces of Cannabis on pipes found in William Shakespeare's garden
You are more likely to die from a falling coconut than from a shark attack.
The Bible is the most shoplifted book in the world.
The first animated film to star Mickey Mouse appeared in 1928 at the Colony Theatre in New York.
There is a section of the Berlin Wall in the men's bathroom of the Main Street Station casino in Las Vegas.
Some chickens are half male, half female
In Alaska, there's a pizza place that delivers the pizza by plane
Despite its "Sunshine State" nickname, Florida is not the sunniest U.S. state. Arizona is, closely followed by Nevada.
From bottom to top, Mount Everest is not the world's tallest mountain. Mauna Kea in Hawaii is about 1 km (3280 feet) taller.
Music video 'Gangnam Style' was so popular, it broke YouTube's view counter, which had to be upgraded
In 1913, Argentina was the world's 10th wealthiest nation per capita. Now it's the 54th.
More than 1 in 20 soccer injuries are caused by celebrating goals on the pitch
California was the first U.S. state that banned Marijuana a century ago.
A full day on the moon, from one sunrise to the next, lasts about 29.5 Earth days on average.
Bananas are the best-selling items at Walmart.
During pregnancy, if the mother suffers organ damage, the baby in the womb sends stem cells to repair the damaged organ
Canada is the second largest country in the world by total area
Slugs like beer.
One-third of Earth's land surface is partially or totally desert.
Breastfeeding a baby may reduce by 22% a woman's risk of developing Alzheimer's disease, a study says.
The Sun accounts for about 99.86% of the total mass of the Solar System
Nelson Mandela was born July 18, 1918, in the Transkeian Territories of South Africa's modern Eastern Cape province.
A group of zebras is called a "dazzle"
Scientists have developed a way of charging mobile phones using urine
A refereeing decision in a soccer match between Argentina and Peru in 1964 led to a riot in which 300 fans were killed
There are over 500,000 alcohol-related deaths in Russia each year
In the last 60 years, over 23,000 North Koreans have defected to South Korea. Only two South Koreans have gone to the North
Ostriches and zebras often live together to protect each other from predators. The ostrich can see better and the zebra can hear or smell danger better
Spider silk is about 5 times stronger than steel of the same weight
A Marijuana-derived compound forces cancer cells to freeze and prevents them from spreading.
There's a nude beach under the Golden Gate Bridge in San Francisco.
Alexander The Great died in the palace of Nebuchadnezzar II, in Babylon, at age 32. He was a king for just 12 years.
The average person spends 3 months of its lifetime sitting on the toilet.
Latin and Irish have no words for "yes" or "no."
Premature babies are more likely to be left-handed, many studies suggest.
Zebras are actually black, with white stripes
A day's worth of Twitter posts would fill a 10-million-page book
The first soccer game televised was a friendly match between Arsenal's first and second team in 1937.
Cats share 95.6% of their DNA with tigers
About 1 in 9 people lack access to an improved water source
Millionaires who have earned their wealth are moderately happier than those who inherited it, a 2018 psychology study found.
Snakes can have two heads and fight each other for food
A sample of Sir Isaac Newton's apple tree was sent into space to 'defy gravity'.
Earth, Texas is the only place on Earth named "Earth".
Educated mothers are more than twice as likely to send their children to school
The attack on the World Trade Center on 9/11 resulted in the largest loss of life by a foreign attack on American soil.
Switzerland only gave women the right to vote in 1971
Your mind "rewrites" monotonous speech of boring people to make them sound more interesting
Having an orgasm at least 3 times a week cuts in half the likelihood of coronary heart disease.
30 million people in China live on less than US$1 per day, as of 2019.
Brazil is defined as a "federal republic" composed of the Federal District, 26 states, and 5,570 municipalities.
People with autism are less likely to catch yawns. The more severe their condition, the less common the behavior gets.
Mexico has68 official languages.
Girls who complete secondary school are 6 times less likely to become child brides
La Paz, Bolivia, was the first South American city to get an electricity supply. It was powered by llama dung
Penguins have an organ near the eye that filters salt from the water out of their system
Nelson Mandela was not removed from the U.S. terror watchlist until 2008.
123 - 45 - 67 + 89 = 100.123 + 4 - 5 + 67 - 89 = 100.123 - 4 - 5 - 6 - 7 + 8 - 9 = 100.1 + 23 - 4 + 5 + 6 + 78 - 9 = 100.
The coldest place on Earth is a high ridge in Antarctica where temperatures can dip below -133F (-93.2C)
The word "school" comes from the ancient Greek for "free time."
A human baby has over 60 more bones than an adult.
There has never been snakes in Ireland because being cold-blooded, snake couldn't survive the frozen ground during the ice age in the past.
Each year, Americans throw out enough soda cans and bottles to reach the moon and back 20 times
Barack Obama had the most followers on Twitter of any world leader in his last year in power, 2016.
It's completely legal for minors to smoke cigarettes in the U.S. and parts of Europe, but they can't purchase them
The rate of children leaving primary school in conflict affected countries reached 50% in 2011
Chocolate has an anti-bacterial effect on the mouth and protects against tooth decay.
South Africans can legally attach flamethrowers to cars to repel carjackers
The Sun does not have a definite boundary, and in its outer parts, its density decreases exponentially with increasing distance from its center
An extra year of education can help a girl earn 20% more as an adult
There are more than 100 types of cancers; any part of the body can be affected.
Abraham Lincoln, Walt Disney, Bill Gates, Mark Zuckerberg, Henry Ford, Thomas Edison and Steve Jobs, all of them had no college degree.
Bill Gates aimed to become a millionaire by the age of 30. However, he became a billionaire by 31.
Apple iPad's retina display is actually manufactured by Samsung.
Until the early 19th century, Australia was best known as "New Holland".
30,000 websites are hacked every day
Italian Traffic Police has two Lamborghini Gallado in service.
On April 1, 1974, black smoke was seen rising from Mount Edgecumbe, a volcano in Alaska. When a Coast Guard pilot came closer to investigate, he found 70 tires burning and the words "APRIL FOOL" spray painted into the snow
Cows emit more methane than the oil industry and are a huge factor in global warming.
With over 520 million followers as of 2019, Buddhism is the world's 4th-largest religion.
18 people were rescued alive from the rubble of the WTC after 9/11.
60%of South Korean families use professionals to find a name for their babies
In Australia, there are more kangaroos than people.
Ancient Greek democracy, the world's first, lasted for only 185 years.
Because guinea pigs are prone to loneliness, it's illegal in Switzerland to own just one
Speed dating was invented by a Rabbi in 1999.
One pint of donated blood can save up to 3 lives.
Violent homes have the same effecton children's brains as combat on soldiers
Every 90 seconds, one woman dies during pregnancy or childbirth
During the American Civil War, it was necessary to print out money in a hurry, so the Treasury released paper bills with designated values of fractions of a dollar.
David Bowie performed at the Berlin Wall in 1987 while East Germans gathered to listen behind. You could hear them cheering and singing along from the other side.
The International Space Station is as roomy as a five-bedroom house and travels at 17,500 mph
In Germany, it is illegal to run out of fuel on highways
JFK was the 35th President of the U.S. from January 1961 until his assassination in November 1963.
The CIA operation to invade Cuba and take down Castro was dubbed "Operation Castration."
According to Bill Gates, by 2035, there will be almost no poor countries left in the world
Your favorite song is probably such because you associate it with an emotional event in your life
In the 1950s, Las Vegas crowned a Miss Atomic Bomb.
In 2011, a monkey was arrested in Pakistan for crossing the border with India.
The U.S. dropped more than 2 million tons of bombs on Laos from 1964 to 1973 during the Vietnam War. That's equal to a planeload every 8 minutes for 9 years.
There's an Island in Brazil where civilians are forbidden to go: it has up to 5 snakes per square meter
Cheese is the most stolen food in the world.
Christianity was the main religion in Egypt between the Fourth and Sixth Centuries.
No one knows what Christopher Columbus looked like. No authentic contemporary portraits of him were found. Most just reconstructed his appearance from written descriptions.
When awake, the human brain produces enough electricity to power a small light bulb
Nelson Mandela's name at birth was "Rolihlahla" which means troublemaker."
You don't like the original version of a song because it's better. You like it because it's the one you heard first.
The Eiffel Tower was originally intended for Barcelona, Spain, but the project was rejected
At their current birth rate, South Koreans will go extinct by 2750
Nearly 700 million Chinese people drink contaminated water.
Rapper Tupac Shakur was a voracious reader, and particularly enjoyed Shakespeare
Multivitamins increase the risk of cancer and heart disease, according to recent studies.
Male seahorses can get pregnant
The World's Oldest Dress was found in Egypt and it is 5,000 years old.
The highest temperature ever recorded in Antarctica is 58.2F (14.5C)
Between 1525 and 1866, 12.5 million Africans were kidnaped and sold into slavery in the Americas.
Our bodies contain about 0.2 milligrams of gold, most of it in our blood.
Your voice would be deeper on Venus because its dense atmosphere would cause your vocal cords to vibrate more slowly
The world's most expensive divorce was estimated at US$2.5 billion.
Newborn babies can only see in black and white for a few months.
Spiders are scared of ants due to the formic acid they contain
Beer was not considered an alcoholic beverage in Russia until 2013.
Americans make up 5% of the world's population, and yet, produce 30% of the world's waste and use 25% of the world's resources
China executes the death penalty more than 4 times as the rest of the world combined.
A strawberry isn't an actual berry, but a banana is.
The International Space Station is the most expensive object ever built, at US$150 billion.
JFK died younger than any other U.S. president to date.
Elvis Presley failed a music class in High School.
Dolphin meat is consumed in Japan and Peru
There are 28 million cancer survivors worldwide.
42%of people in the U.S. have tried marijuana at least once.
Africa is home to the world's largest living land animal, the African elephant, and the tallest, the Giraffe.
The longest pregnancy in humans on record is 375 days (12.5 months)
The atmosphere in Titan, Saturn's Moon, is so thick and the gravity so low, that humans could fly through it by flapping "wings" attached to their arms
Monkeys are trained and employed as harvesters of large coconut plantations in Malaysia and Thailand.
The postage stamp of The Statue of Liberty depicts not the real statue in New York, but the replica in Las Vegas.
Sand from the Sahara is blown by the wind all the way to the Amazon, recharging its minerals. The desert literally fertilizes the rainforest.
Koalas store leaves in their cheek pouches to eat them later.
In Newfoundland, Canada, the Atlantic Ocean sometimes freezes so people play hockey on it.
When Montenegro became independent from Yugoslavia, its Internet domain name went from .yu to .me
The Statue Of Liberty's full name is "Liberty Enlightening the World.
Usain Bolt owns a 3-ton segment of the Berlin Wall.
Only about 9% of marijuana users become clinically dependent, according to a study.
McDonalds' Caesar salad is more fattening than their hamburger.
People pay thousands of dollars to hunt Zebras and other African wildlife on large ranches in Texas
Husbands can object to their wives working and prevent them from accepting jobs in 15 economies
In 1943, a fissure opened in a farmer's cornfield in Mexico, growing into a five story tall volcano in only a week and up to 1,100 feet after a year
The Steppe eagle is the national animal of Egypt.
Cenosillicaphobia is the fear of an empty beer glass.
Heart disease is the No. 1 killer of women.
The word "queue" is pronounced the same way when the last 4 letters are removed.
New Zealand is the fastest country in the world to start a business: just one day.
The World Trade Center's most famous survivor and president of its support group, Tania Head, was later found to be a fraud: she wasn't even in NYC on 9/11.
The Komodo dragon is the national animal of Indonesia.
Portions of Anne Frank's diary were removed because she described her intimate parts.
In some European countries, children are given gifts on December 6 rather than in Christmas Day.
41% of children in Africa aged 5 to 14 are involved in child labour.
There is a US$1000 sports bra which uses heat sensors to detect signs of breast cancer up to 6 years earlier than a mammogram can.
Since 2007, an unfinished skyscraper in Caracas, Venezuela, has been re-appropriated by squatters into a vast 'vertical slum' which now includes grocery stores, hairdressers, and an unlicensed dentist
Marital infidelity was punishable with jail in South Korea until 2015.
"Happy hours" are banned in Ireland.
A majority of Hindus eat meat, only 30% do not.
A couple from Paraguay moved in together in 1933. After 80 years, 8 children and 50 grandchildren, the 103-year-old man married his 99-year-old bride.
People with unfortunate initials, such as P.I.G. or A.S.S. have significant lower life expectancy, due to psychological stress related to childhood bullying.
A giraffe's neck can measure up to 6 feet (1.8 m) long
A giraffe's spots are like human fingerprints: no two individual giraffes have exactly the same pattern.
1%of the World's Water Is Drinkable
Most astronauts become two inches taller in space
Anne Frank, Martin Luther King Jr. and Barbara Walters were all born in the same year.
In August, 2015, Big Ben's Clock was discovered to be running 6 seconds fast, and coins were removed from its pendulum to correct the error.
Voting is mandatory in Brazil.
The Simpson's couch gag is actually a trick used by the writers to make the show longer or shorter
The French government gives medals to citizens who have "successfully raised several children with dignity."
Most lifeboats launched off the Titanic were not filled to capacity
New Zealand was undiscovered and completely devoid of human beings no more than 800 years ago.
Fidel Castro led Cuba for five decades and was the world's third longest-serving head of state, after Britain's Queen Elizabeth and the King of Thailand.
Octopus wrestling was a popular sport in the 1960s. A diver would fight an octopus in shallow water and drag it to the surface.
The beautiful symmetry of a total solar eclipse happens because by pure chance the sun is 400 times larger than the moon, but is also 400 times farther from Earth, making the two bodies appear the exact same size in the sky.
McDonalds opens a new restaurant every 14.5 hours.
2% of couples have fallen in love in a supermarket, according to a survey.
In 1863, Venezuela became the first modern country to abolish the death penalty for all crimes
Although some individual zebras have been domesticated, most cannot. They are unpredictable and known to attack people
The Confederacy was never recognized by any foreign country during the American Civil War.
Due to the Paraguay's central location in South America, it is sometimes referred to as the "Heart of South America".
Ounce by ounce, Nutritious food costs up to 10 times more than junk food.
McDonald's is the world's largest distributor of toys.
10% of the world's population is left-handed.
Gold has been discovered on every continent on earth.
The smell of chocolate increases theta brain waves, which triggers relaxation.
After hitting the iceberg, it took the Titanic 2 hours and 40 minutes to sink
America's first slave owner was a black man
Nazi Joseph Goebbels' wife's descendants are Germany's richest family nowadays
A month after the nuclear bombing of Hiroshima, a typhoon hit the city killing another 2,000 people.
Mobile phones have 18 times more bacteria than toilet handles.
Norway was ranked the world's #1 country in the 2014 Prosperity Index for wealth and well-being.
Alexander the Great was simultaneously the King of Macedonia, Pharaoh of Egypt, King of Persia, and King of Asia.
Written language was invented independently by the Egyptians, Sumerians, Chinese, and Mayans.
North Korea is  the world's only nation  to currently have  a US Navy ship captured.
The weird offspring of a donkey and a zebra is called a "zonkey.
Coffee is the world's second most valuable traded commodity, only behind petroleum.
The extinct Ubykh language, spoken in the Caucasus until 1992, holds the record for most consonants: it had 83 but only two vowels.
John F. Kennedy won a Pulitzer Prize in 1957, although much of the book was ghostwritten by his aide Theodore Sorensen.
Mexico is the 11th most populous country in the world with 121 million people.
Of all women killed globally in 2012, it is estimated that almost half were killed by a partner or relative compared to less than 6% of men
About 69% of smokers want to quit completely
Your brain keeps developing until your late 40s
The RMS Titanic was built in Belfast, Northern Ireland.
More people in the world are suffering from obesity than from hunger.
Cockroaches get lonely and even become ill if they are left alone for too long.
Everything you say to Siri is sent to Apple, analyzed and stored.
Cockroaches shed their skin.
Cockroaches raised in space become quicker, stronger, faster, and tougher than cockroaches on Earth.
Uranus was the first planet discovered with a telescope
Uranus orbits the Sun at a distance of about 2.8 billion km (1.7 billion mi) and completes one orbit every 84 years
The surface gravities of Venus, Saturn, Uranus, and Neptune are all quite similar (within 15%) to Earth's
In Ancient Rome, the punishment for killing one's father was the death penalty, consisting of being sewn up in a sack along with a viper, a dog, and a rooster
Cockroaches have their own Neighborhoods.
63 Earths can fit inside Uranus
Many fish species are known to change sex during the course of their lives.
Uranus' axis of rotation is tilted sideways, so its north and south poles lie where most other planets have their equators
Headless cockroaches are capable of living for weeks. They die from starvation.
Uranus has the coldest planetary atmosphere in the Solar System, with a minimum temperature of -371.56 F (224 C)
Cockroaches are among the world's fartiest species.
There is a newly found cockroach species in the U.S. that can survive freezing temperatures.
The weeks before Christmas is the most popular time for couples to break up, according to data analyzed from Facebook.
Uranus is the third-largest planet in the Solar System
The summer in Uranus is 42 years long
The wind speeds on Uranus can reach 560 mph (900 km/h)
Jupiter has 67 moons, Saturn has 62, Uranus 27, Neptune 14, Mars 2 and Earth just one
Uranus' moons are named after characters from the works of Shakespeare and Alexander Pope
Uranus was originally called "George's Star" (Georgium Sidus)
Cockroaches appeared 120 million years before dinosaurs.
If you point your car keys to your head, it increases the remote's signal range.
The world's largest grand piano was built by a 15-year-old in New Zealand.
There were only 9 developers on the team for GoldenEye 007 for Nintendo 64.
There is an underwater version of rugby, unsurprisingly called "underwater rugby".
When mice live in the wild, they typically only live for about six months.
Giant Pandas eat approximately 28 pounds of bamboo a day  that's over 5 tons per year!
The Nobel Peace Prize is named for Alfred Nobel, the inventor of dynamite.
You fart on average 14 times a day, and each fart travels from your body at 7 mph.
One of the ingredients needed to make dynamite is peanuts.
The largest living organism in the world is a fungus.  It is in Oregon, covering 2,200 acres and is still growing.
A horse's canter is a 3-beat gait.  On the second beat, opposite front and rear legs hit the ground at the same time.  After the third beat is a "rest", or suspension, when all three legs are off the ground.
The shortest war in history lasted for only 38 minutes.
Want chocolate smelling poo?  There is a pill for that.
Sea Lions have rhythm.  They are the only animal able to clap to a beat.
While you sleep you can't smell anything  even really, really bad or potent smells.
Some tumors can grow hair, teeth, bones, even fingernails.
Your brain uses 10 watts of energy to think and does not feel pain.
Glass balls can bounce higher than rubber ones.
Your fingernails grow faster when you are cold.
Applesauce was the first food eaten in space by astronauts.
Snails take the longest naps with some lasting as long as three years.
The average person spends two weeks of their life waiting at traffic lights.
Before 1913 parents could mail their kids to Grandma's  through the postal service.
Don't like mosquitoes?  Get a bat.  They could eat 3,000 insects a night.
A typical cough is 60 mph while a sneeze is often faster than 100 mph.
Some fish cough.  Really.
Are you terrified  that a duck is watching you?  Some people are.  That is anatidaephobia.
American Black bears are not just black but include bears of varying colors including blonde, cinnamon, brown, white and even silver-blue.
Because of the 4 stages of the Water Cycle  Evaporation, Condensation, Precipitation and Collection  water falling as rain today may have previously fallen as rain days, weeks, months or years before.
Goats have rectangular pupils in their eyes.
Cans of diet soda will float in water but regular soda cans will sink.
Birds can not live in space  they need gravity to be able to swallow.
Some perfumes actually have whale poo in them.
Your feet typically produce a pint of sweat every single day.
The snow on Venus is metal.
Baby koalas are fed poo by their parents after they are born which helps them digest Eucalyptus leaves later in life.
Many mammals, including cats and dogs, walk on their toes in contrast to humans, who walk on the soles of their feet.
20% of all the oxygen you breathe is used by your brain.
You can cut a pie into 8 pieces with only three cuts.
If a Donkey and a Zebra have a baby, it is called a Zonkey.
The most difficult-to-pronounce town is in Wales: Llanfairpwllgwyngyllgogerychwyrndrobwyll llantysiliogogogoch.
A tsunami can travel as fast as a jet plane.
There is a 50% chance that in a group of 23 people, two will share the same birthday.  In a group of 367 people, it is a 100% chance.  But only 70 people are required for a 99.9% chance.
When you look at a bright sky and see white dots, you are looking at your blood.  Those are white blood cells.
Your small intestine is the largest internal organ in your body.
Love carrots?  Don't eat too many or you will turn orange.
Cows can walk up stairs but not down them.
Tiger shark embryos begin attacking each other in their mother's womb before they are even born.
The surface of Mars is covered in rust, making the planet appear red.
Apple paid a couple $1.7 million dollars for their plot of land, which was only worth $181,700.
To properly write adjectives in order, you would list them by amount, value, size, temperature, age, shape, color, origin, and material.
Goosebumps are meant to ward off predators.
There's no such thing as "pear cider."
Indonesia consists only of islands - 13,667 total
People who ride on roller coasters have a higher chance of having a blood clot in the brain
The tallest freestanding sculpture in the world is Chief Crazy Horse in South Dakota, USA
Marie Curie, the Nobel prize winning scientist who discovered radium, died of radiation poisoning
898 tornadoes were recorded to have occurred in the United States in the year 2000.
The word Popcorn is derived from the middle English word "poppe," which means "explosive sound"
The food that is digested in your stomach is called "chyme."
Alcohol beverages have all 13 minerals necessary for human life
The word housekeeping was invented by Shakespeare
The only two days of the year in which there are no professional sportsgames (MLB, NBA, NHL, or NFL) are the day before and the day after theMajorLeague All-Star Game.
Lack of sleep can affect your immune system and reduce your ability to fight infections
All dogs are the descendant of the wolf. These wolves lived in eastern Asia about 15,000 years ago
It is not possible to tickle yourself. The cerebellum, a part of the brain, warns the rest of the brain that you are about to tickle yourself. Since your brain knows this, it ignores the resulting sensation
Parma ham is only Parma ham if it is made in the Parma region of Italy. The British chain supermarket Asda, made and packaged its own "Parma ham" and was successfully sued by the real Parma ham people (Parma Ham Trade Association)
With winds of 50 miles per hour, The Statue of Liberty sways three inches and the torch sways five inches
A famous bullfighter, Lagarijo, killed 4,867 bulls in the 19th century.
Police detectives have used snapping turtles to help them locate dead bodies
The national sport of Japan is sumo wrestling
The early occurrence of a fetus yawning is at eleven weeks after conception
In a month, a fingernail grows an eighth of an inch
Edward VIII did not officially become the King of England as he abdicated the throne to marry an American divorcee
The book "Little Red Riding Hood" was banned in 1990 by two school districts in California. They did this because in the book there was a picture of a basket that had a bottle of wine in it
The reason why golf balls have dimples on them is because it helps in the ball to move a farther distance by reducing drag
Americans consume the most peanut butter in the world
Celtic warriors sometimes fought their battles naked, their bodies dyed blue from head to toe
To make butter more attractive in colour, carrot juice was used by people in the Middle Ages
Early hockey games allowed as many as 30 players a side on the ice
Most fleas do not live past a year old
It takes seven to ten days to make a jelly belly jellybean
Some asteroids have other asteroids orbiting them
There is enough concrete in the Hoover Dam to pave a two lane highway from San Francisco to New York
Every 238 years, the orbits of Neptune and Pluto change making Neptune at times the farthest planet from the sun
There is a certain species of kangaroo that is only 2.5 centimetres long when it is born
In a lifetime, the average house cat spends approximately 10,950 hours purring
The real name of Toto the dog in "The Wizard Of Oz" was Terry
Stannous fluoride, which is the cavity fighter found in toothpaste is made from recycled tin
It takes 12 honeybees to make one teaspoon of honey
Thomas Watson, who was the chairman of IBM in 1943 predicted that their would probably only be a world market for five computers.
The largest hamburger cooked in the world weighed in at 6,040 pounds
The first lighthouse was in Alexandria in 290 B.C
Heinz first started making ketchup in 1876 and the recipe has remained the same ever since
The largest wedding chapel in Las Vegas is the Viva Las Vegas Chapel, which can seat 100 people
The most popular name for a pet in the United States is Max
Spiral staircases in medieval castles are running clockwise. This is because all knights used to be right-handed. When the intruding army would climb the stairs they would not be able to use their right hand which was holding the sword because of the difficulties of climbing the stairs. Left-handed knights would have had no troubles, except left-handed people could never become knights because it was assumed that they were descendants of the devil
The largest shopping mall in the world is the West Edmonton Mall located in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada
The CN Tower located in Toronto, Ontario Canada took a total construction time of 40 months to complete at an original cost of $63 million
The 20th president of the United States, James Garfield, was able to write Greek with one hand and Latin with the other at the same time
The country of Andorra has a zero percent unemployment rate
In Los Angeles, there are fewer people than there are automobiles
A woman has approximately 4.5 litres of blood in her body, while men have 5.6 litres
In India, pickled ginger, minced mutton and a cottage cheese like substance are popular pizza toppings
Oral-B were the first toothbrushes to go to the moon when they were aboard the Apollo 11 mission
A maple tree is usually tapped when the tree is at least 45 years old and has a diameter of 12 inches
In 1998, a law passed in the U.S. state of Virginia allows drivers to keep their road kill, as long as they report it within 12 hours. updated
A language becomes extinct in this world every two weeks
An acre of trees can remove about 13 tons of dust and gases every year from the surrounding environment
The decomposition point of Olive Oil is 220 degrees Celsius
Ten radishes only contain eight calories
Annually a thousand people are killed by scorpions in Mexico
Every year, 100 million sharks are killed by people
Tug of war was an Olympic event from 1900-1920
Of all the countries, Brazil has the most plant species, with over 56,000
One female mouse can produce up to 100 babies a year
Impotence is grounds for divorce in 26 U.S. states
Women who are romance novel readers are reported to make love 74% more often with their partners than women who do not read romance novels.
The monogram "RR" for Rolls-Royce has never been altered, except for when Sir Henry Royce passed away in 1933. Then it was changed from red to black.
People with darker skin will not wrinkle as fast as people with lighter skin
Fido means faithful in Latin
Pebbles cereal was actually named after the shape of the cereal and not the Pebbles Flintstone character
A group of kangaroos is called a mob
The only predator that polar bears have are humans
Many insects can carry 50 times their own body weight
The last land battle of the U.S. Civil War was fought in Texas
Annually 7 million tons of textiles and clothing is thrown out. Out of this, only 12% is used again or recycled
A scorpion can have up to 12 eyes
A snake charmer in Bangladesh once found 3,500 poisonous cobras and their eggs hidden underneath the floors of two suburban homes
The IRS employees tax manual has instructions for collecting taxes after a nuclear war
There are approximately fifty Bibles sold each minute across the world
The pectin that is found in apples aids in lowering cholesterol levels
Post-It Notes, which are adhesive notes, were invented while looking for a way to improve the acrylate adhesive found in tapes
Crayola Crayons currently has over 120 different crayon colours
The width of a tornado can range from less than ten yards to more than a mile.
In Johannesburg, the average car will be involved in an accident once every four years.
The youngest actress to be nominated as best actress is Keisha Castle-Hughes who was nominated at just 13 years old
The Taj Mahal was actually built for use as a tomb
According to studies, an average roll of toilet paper lasts about five days in the bathroom
A fall of 30 feet can be survived my most cats
The largest member of the dolphin family are orcas
In 1477, the first diamond engagement ring was given to Mary of Burgundy by Archduke Maximillian of Austria
The hormone replacement drug "Premarin" is made from the urine of pregnant horses
TWIX Caramel Cookie Bars were first introduced in 1979
Nintendo was first establish in 1889 and they started out making special playing cards
People over the age of fifty will start to lose their dislike for foods that taste bitter
In Kentucky, 50 percent of the people who get married for the first time are teenagers
Elephants have been known to learn up to 60 commands
On average 1,668 gallons of water are used by each person in the United States daily
Copper is the second most used metal in the world.
Milton Bradley originally wanted to name the game Twister, Pretzel; but he could not since the name was copyrighted
According to studies, men prefer to have white bedrooms and women prefer to have blue bedrooms
If someone was to fly once around the surface of the moon, it would be equal to a round trip from New York to London
St. Patrick never really drove out any snakes from Ireland. This story was an analogy of how he drove paganism out of Ireland
The most common seasonings found in American homes are chili powder, cinnamon, and seasoned salts
People who have eaten beetles say that it tastes like apples
Montreal was named after a local mountain "Mont Royal."
Millie the White House dog earned more than 4 times as much as President Bush in 1991. And, rightfully so
In an average lifetime, a person will spend 4 years travelling in an automobile and six months waiting at a red light.
A small drip from a faucet can waste up to 50 gallons of water daily, which is enough water to run a dishwasher twice on a full cycle
Kotex was first manufactured as bandages, during W.W.I
The longest Monopoly game ever played was 1,680 hours long, which is seventy straight days
Over 1,600 people in North America have been victims of trunk entrapment (being locked inside of a car trunk)
In 1992, when EuroDisney first opened in France, the public beat some of the park characters because at the time most people had been against the park being built
A jiffy is an actual unit of time for 1/100th of a second. Thus the saying, I will be there in a jiffy.
There is a muppet named Kami that appears on the South African version of the T.V. show "Sesame Street" that is HIV-positive
There are approximately one hundred million people in the United States that have a chronic illness
The oldest working Post Office in the world is located in the village of Sanquer, located in the Scottish Lowlands. It has been operating since 1712
Approximately three jars of peanut butter are sold every second
In Australia, the average person uses 876 gallons of water daily. In Switzerland they use only 77 gallons of water per person daily
Hair will fall out faster on a person that is on a crash diet
In 1890, there was no sunshine for the whole month of December in Westminster in London.
Charles Darwin spent 39 years studying earthworms
The Boeing 737 is nicknamed the Fat Albert
Florida has twice as many lightning injuries and deaths than any other state
Chocolate can be fatal to dogs. Chocolate contains a chemical theobromine, which is poisonous to dogs
In China, there is a species of yam that is used to make a dye
Annually, approximately 46 millions Cokes, five million pounds of french fries, and seven million hamburgers are consumed at Walt Disney World Resort
The Chihuahua Desert is the largest desert in North America, and is over 200,000 square miles
Every continent begins and ends in the same letter. eg AfricA, EuropE
Baseball games between college teams have been played since the Civil War
The real name of actress Whoopi Goldberg is Caryn Elaine Johnson
Researches have discovered that eating five or more apples a week is linked to better functioning of the lungs
Boeing completed more than 15,000 hours of wind-tunnel testing on the first 747
The most popular ethnic food in the United States is Italian food
Parts of the Dead Sea Scrolls appeared for sale in the June 1, 1954 issue of the Wall Street Journal
The YKK that you see on zippers stands for Yoshida Kogyo Kabushiki Kaisha which is the name of the founder of the zipper manufacturing company in Japan
The theme song of the Harlem Globetrotters is "Sweet Georgia Brown."
27% of female lottery winners hid their winning ticket in their bras
To lose one pound of fat, a person has to burn approximately 3,500 calories
In 1969, the American side of Niagara Falls was stopped completely for several months
The name for insect poop is frass
A can of Pepsi has 41 grams of sugar. This amount to about seven teaspoons of sugar
Montreal is actually located on an island
There are over 2,000 species of butterflies in the rainforests of South America
The world record for the number of body piercings on one individual is 702, which is held by Canadian Brent Moffat
Before toilet paper was invented, French royalty wiped their bottoms with fine linen
The earliest known example of an organized market for equities dates from Rome, second century B.C
There are over 2,000 different species of cactuses
Each day 400 gallons of recycled blood are pumped through the kidneys
Apples, not caffeine, are more efficient at waking you up in the morning
Bananas were discovered by Alexander the Great in 327 B.C. when he conquered India
Levan, which is located in Utah, got its name from "navel" which is levan spelt backwards. It was named this because it is in the center of Utah
Approximately one out of four injuries by athletes involve the wrist and hand
Former U.S. President Abraham Lincoln suffered a nervous breakdown in 1836
Musk is extracted from the bottom of a civet, and is used as an ingredient to make perfumes.
The first human heart transplant happened on December 3, 1967. Unfortunately the patient only lived for eighteen days, succumbing in the end to pneumonia
In New York City there are 6,374.6 miles of streets
The sound made by the Victoria Falls in Zimbabwe is so loud that it can be heard 40 miles away
Ancient Egyptians used to think having facial hair was an indication of personal neglect
In Czechhoslovakia, there is a church that has a chandelier made of human bones
The largest hotel in the world is the MGM Grand, which has 5,034 rooms and is located in Las Vegas, Nevada
The fleshy bulbs on each side of your nose are called the Alea (AY-lee) singular Ala (AY-luh)
Male koalas mark their territory by rubbing their chests on a tree. Male koalas have a dark scent gland in the middle of their chest
Roses generally need around 6 hours of sunlight to grow properly.
Buttermilk does not contain any butter, but is a cultured milk product which is usually made from fat free milk
Pineapples were first called "anana", which is Caribbean for "excellent fruit."
The tallest woman that ever lived was Zeng Jinlian who was 8 feet 2 inches tall of China. Shed died at the age of 17
An adult "Gold Frog" measures to be 9.8 millimeters in body length
Each day, anywhere from 35-150 species of life go extinct
Alexander Graham Bell, the inventor of the telephone, never telephoned his wife or mother because they were both deaf
Alexander the Great made his troops eat onions as he believed it would prove their vitality
Bill Russell was the first black head coach of a major league pro sports team
In 1945, a seven ounce bathroom cup was the first item Tupperware marketed
Central air conditioners use 98% more energy than ceiling fans.
The dromedary camel can drink as much as 100 litres of water in just 10 minutes
According to the American Institute of Stress, job stress approximately costs the U.S. industry over $300 billion dollars per year
It takes 72 minutes for the restaurant at the top of the CN Tower to make one revolution
Coffee beans were chewed for more than 400 years before the first cup of coffee was brewed
All of the Peking ducks in the United States are descendents from three ducks and one drake imported to Long Island, New York in 1873
The first British ship to use the SOS distress signal was the Titanic
The Spring peeper (a frog) can survive the winter season with 65% of its body water as ice
Studies have shown that the scent of Rosemary can help in better mental performance and make individuals feel more alert
The search engine Google got its name from the word "googol," which refers to the number one with a hundred zeros after it
The Goliath beetle is about the size of your fist and can weigh as much as 3-4 ounces
Studies indicate that listening to music is good for digestion
The Chihuahua was named after the Mexican state where they were discovered
There are no snakes in New Zealand
The most popular grown bulbs are tulips
Every day the human stomach produces about 2 liters of hydrochloric acid
The country of Bolivia is named after a fighter Simon Bolivar
In 1949 UNICEF produced the first charity Christmas card. The picture shown on the card was painted by a seven year old girl
Archeologists report that cannabis was most likely the first plant cultivated by humans. Cannabis was used for linen, paper, and garments
The garfish has green bones
Women who drink more than two cups of coffee a day have a higher chance of developing osteoporosis
The banana was officially introduced in 1876 in the U.S. at the Philadelphia Centennial Exhibition. The bananas were wrapped in tinfoil and were sold for 10 cents each
A yawn usually lasts for approximately six seconds
In 1894, the carnival made its debut in North America
The artist Vincent Van Gogh sliced part of his ear off in madness
According to Scientists, vampire bat saliva is the best known medicine for keeping blood from clotting.
People from North America prefer pickles with warts, where as Europeans prefer pickles with no warts
People that suffer from gum disease are twice as likely to have a stroke or heart attack
Close to 50% of the water used in a home originates from the bathroom
After the Krakatoa volcano eruption in 1883 in Indonesia, many people reported that, because of the dust, the sunset appeared green and the moon blue. The moon was said to appear blue for almost two years.
The country with the highest consumption of chocolate per capita is Switzerland, with 22 pounds per person, per year
In China, September 20 is "Love Your Teeth Day."
Actor Richard Gere was considered to play the role of John McClane in the movie Die Hard. Bruce Willis played the part instead
The record for the world?s worst drivers is a toss-up between two candidates: First, a 75-year-old man who received 10 traffic tickets, drove on the wrong side of the road four times, committed four hit-and-run offenses, and caused six accidents, all within 20 minutes on October 15, 1966. Second, a 62-year-old woman who failed her driving test 40 times before passing it in August, 1970 (by that time, she had spent over $700 in lessons, and could no longer afford to buy a car)
Half of a cup of figs will give you just as much calcium as half a cup of milk
A "hairbreadth away" is 1/48 of an inch
In 1281, the Mongol army of Kublai Khan tried to invade Japan but were ravaged by a hurricane that destroyed their fleet
Studies show that couples that smoke during the time of conception have a higher chance of having a girl compared to couples that do not smoke
The reason why some people get a cowlick is because the growth of their hair is in a spiral pattern, which causes the hair to either stand straight up, or goes to a certain angle
Approximately 50% of Americans admit they have ran a red light
In 1755, the first Canadian post office opened in Halifax, Nova Scotia. The fist Deputy Postmaster General was American inventor Benjamin Franklin who was later dismissed for sympathizing with the American revolutionary cause
Reno, Nevada is west of Los Angeles, California.
On average, 90% of the people that have the disease Lupus are female
Unlike other four legged mammals, kangaroos cannot walk backwards
The itch from a mosquito bite can be soothed by cutting open a clove of garlic and rubbing it on the bite
A superstition in baseball is to never lend your bat to anyone or you will be jinxed
In 1998, approximately 1.6 billion tree seedlings were planted in the United States. This amounts to about five trees per American
There are species of fish that can walk on land in search of water when its water source dries up. Some can survive as long as three days on land such as the snakehead fish
Racecar driver Lee Petty once left a pitstop and did a full lap at Nascar with a pit crew member still on the hood
The first fashion house to be set up was in 1858 by Charles Worth. He opened his store in Paris with the idea of having pre-made gowns presented on models to his customers
St. Patrick explained the Holy Trinity to King Laoghaire, using the shamrock to illustrate the trinity
More twins are born in the Western world than in the Eastern world
Nine egg yolks have been found in one chicken egg
The record for the longest Monopoly game played in a bathtub is ninety-nine hours
The 1988 move "Big" which was directed by Penny Marshall was the first movie by a female director to gross over $100 million domestically
When the Galileo Probe entered Jupiter's atmosphere, it was traveling at a speed of 106,000 miles per hour. This is the fastest impact speed ever achieved by a man-made object.
In 1972, a gorilla by the name of "Koko" was taught ASL (American Sign Language) for the deaf. By the year 2000, the gorilla could understand approximately 2,000 English words
3000 children die every day in Africa because of malaria
Approximately 125 people die in the United States from an anaphylaxis to foods each year
The word "vamp" is used to describe the upper front top of a shoe
Construction on the White House began in October of 1792
Leonardo da Vinci was dyslexic, and he often wrote backwards
The male platypus has poisonous spurs on its legs
Polar bears can smell seal from 20 miles away
Canadians Scott Abbott and Chris Haney invented Trivial Pursuit. They were planning on playing Scrabble and realized that some of the pieces were missing so they came up with the idea of making their own game; Trivial Pursuit
On average, there is about three molecules of ozone for every 10 million air molecules.
A person uses approximately fifty-seven sheets of toilet paper each day
The Barbie doll has more than 80 careers
James Buchanan was the only unmarried president of the United States
The Stanley Cup originally was only seven and a half inches high
In 1991, during an attempted political coup on Russian President Boris Yelstin, food supplies had dwindled down at the parliament buildings so they ordered Pizza Hut to deliver pizzas
Some people drink the urine of pregnant women to build up their immune system
The five Olympic rings represent the five continents linked together in friendship
Ray Kroc bought McDonalds for $2.7 million in 1961 from the McDonald brothers
The first person to die in the electric chair was William Kemmler, an ax murderer from New York on August 6, 1890
Finland has 187,888 lakes and 179,584 islands
The average adult has approximately six pounds of skin
A crocodile can open and close its jaw but cannot move it side to side
There are over 1,000,000 swimming pools in Florida, eventhough the ocean is no farther than 80 miles away
99% of the blueberries that are produced in the United States are produced in the state of Maine
On May 9, 1999 approximately 600,000 gallons of whiskey flowed into the Kentucky River during a fire at Wild Turkey Distillery in Lawrenceburg
Thomas Jefferson had three achievements placed on his headstone at his request, "Here Was Buried Thomas Jefferson/Author Of The Declaration Of American Independence/Of The Statute Of Virginia For Religious Freedom/And Father Of The University of Virginia.? He never mentioned being President of the United States
Humans and cows have the same gestation period, which is about nine months
In the Victoria era, red tulips were a declaration of love
The sport Lacrosse was initially played by Native American Indians. They played the sport to prepare for war
It takes a sloth up to six days to digest the food it eats
According to Scandinavian traditions, if a boy and girl eat from the same loaf of bread, they are bound to fall in love
In 1796, Napoleon was only 26 years old when he took command of the French Army of Italy
A bomb dropped by the Allies on Berlin during World War II killed every animal in the Berlin Zoo except the elephant, which escaped and roamed the city. When a Russian commander saw hungry Germans chasing the elephant and trying to kill it, he ordered his troops to protect it and shoot anyone who tried to kill it
The expression "Tying the Knot" comes from an old Roman custom where the brides clothes were tied up all in knots and the groom was supposed to untie the knots
Snake is a delicacy in China
In 1999, All Nippon Airlines, had one of its jets fully decorated with Pokemon characters from nose to tail on its exterior
The Dead Sea has been sinking for last several years
Uranus has 27 moons
Actress Sally Field was paid $4,000 a week for her role in the TV show The Flying Nun
More pollution is emitted from the average home compared to the average car.
The snow leopard protects itself from extreme cold when it sleeps by wrapping its 3-foot-long tail around its nose
Only 4% of babies are born on their actual due date
In the 1940s, the FCC assigned television's Channel 1 to mobile Services(two-way radios in taxicabs, for instance) but did not re-number theotherchannel assignments. That is why your TV set has channels 2 and up, butnochannel 1.
There are more Subway restaurants in Canada than there are McDonald restaurants
The CN Tower, in Toronto, is the tallest freestanding structure in the world with a height of about 553 metres
The term "the whole 9 yards" came from W.W.II fighter pilots in the South Pacific. When arming their airplanes on the ground, the .50 caliber machine gun ammo belts measured exactly 27 feet, before being loaded into the fuselage. If the pilots fired all their ammo at a target, it got "the whole 9 yards."
Construction on the Leaning Tower of Pisa began on August 9th, 1173
President Lyndon Johnson used to smoke three packs of cigarettes a day
The Tibetan name for Mount Everest is Chomolungma
The word "laser" stands for "Light Amplification by Stimulated Emission by radiation."
In a lifetime, on average a honey bee produces 1/12th of a teaspoon of honey
There are 315 species of parrot in the world
The TV show Doctor Who, when it was popular, had an audience of 110 million people
The cost to build the Empire State Building was $40,948,900
A person who smokes a pack of cigarettes a day will on average lose two teeth every ten years
Wasps that feed on ferment occasionally get drunk and pass out
The largest cereal company in the world is Quaker Oats, located in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, USA
The first Olympic games only had one event - a foot race
Colonel Sanders traveled over 250,000 miles a year visiting various parts of his Kentucky Fried Chicken Empire
Some desert snails have been known to sleep for three to four years
Over 80% of the brain is water
From the age of thirty, humans gradually begin to shrink in size
Jackrabbits can reach a speed of fifty miles per hour and can leap as far as twenty feet
There are 40 official jelly belly flavours
Early sewing machines were destroyed by mobs or workers who felt their jobs were threatened by automation
In 1992, the Antarctic Ozone hole was larger than the continent of North America.
Someone gets divorced every ten to thirteen seconds
There is a certain type of Hawk Moth caterpillar from Brazil that inflates its thorax, which makes its head look like a head of a snake when it feels it is in danger or alarmed
The CIA has made a disk camera that is as big as a quarter. This gadget can take many pictures at a time when the disk is opened.
The Sanskrit word for "war" means "desire for more cows."
In Hong Kong, delivery times are primarily influenced by traffic conditions on elevators. It often takes drivers longer to travel vertically than horizontally, as access to elevators is so congested during "high peak" hours. This is due to the volume of people residing in high rises
The ancient Greeks had a fascination with the planet Mars. They attributed the planet to Ares, their god of war, because of its red colour
The only lizard that has a voice is the Gecko
In Israel, religious law forbids picking your nose on Sabbath
In twins, there is a great chance that one will be left handed
In the 1920's, Q-Tips were invented by Leo Gerstenzang who got the idea after watching his wife clean their baby's ears with cotton stuck onto a toothpick.
In the Pacific Islands when people get burns they often use a banana leaf as treatment
Acorns were used as a coffee substitute during the American Civil War
An airplane mechanic invented Slinky while he was playing with engine parts and realized the possible secondary use for the springs. Barbie was invented by Ruth Handler after watching her daughter play with baby dolls imagining then in grown up roles
When the female grasshopper lays eggs, she covers her eggs with a pasty liquid that protects the eggs throughout the winter
The longest recorded duration of a total solar eclipse was 7.5 minutes.
On average, an American makes three pounds of garbage in a day
Even if you eat food standing on your head, the food will still end up in your stomach
The word breakfast was coined due to the fact that after sleeping for hours, we are "breaking our fast."
The cardigan was originally made to be a military jacket made of knitted wool
The month of December is the most popular month for weddings in the Philippines
The deepest cave in the world is the "Lamprechtsofen-Vogelshacht" cave which can be found in Salzburg, Austria. The cave is 5,354 feet deep
The capital of Vermont, Montpelier is the only state capital in the United States that does not have a McDonalds
The longest engagement lasted 67 years, and the couple ended up marrying when they were 82 years old
Milk and cheese can aid in the reduction of tooth decay
On average, a strawberry has 200 seeds on it
Coconuts kill more people in the world than sharks do
The average person spends two weeks of their life kissing
Research has indicated that indoor pollution is 10 times more toxic than outdoor pollution
Eating a banana at night can help in falling asleep
The stapler was invented in Spring Valley, Minnesota.
The first television newscaster was Kolin Hager, who used to broadcast farm and weather reports in 1928
Pixie, a Siberian Husky, gave birth to 7 puppies, one of which was bright green
Back in 1953, it took 27 hours to make one Marshmallow Peep. Now it takes only six minutes
On average, an ear of a corn has 16 rows and approximately 800 kernels
The green ring that is formed around the yolk of eggs that have been cooked too long is formed by the chemical reaction from the iron in the yolk and the sulphur in the white part of the egg
The silk that is produced by spiders is stronger than steel
The first president to have a picture taken was John Quincy Adams
Some brands of toothpaste contain glycerin or glycerol, which is also an ingredient in antifreeze
1 in 2000 babies are born with a tooth that is already visible
It was during World War II that clothes with elastic waists were introduced. This is because the metal used in zippers was badly needed for the war
In 1902, the game table tennis was brought to the U.S. from Europe by Parker Brothers
Next to bone marrow, hair is the fastest growing tissue in the human body
When playing competitive darts the player must be 7 feet 9 1/4 inches back from the dartboard. Also the board must be 5 feet 8 inches above the floor
Earthworms have 5 hearts
If all the gold sitting in the oceans and seas were mined, every person on this plant would get about 20 kilograms of gold each.
To make an espresso 42 coffee beans are needed
The oil that is found in poison ivy is called "urushiol."
Of all the days of the week, the most popular day for people to eat ice cream is Sunday
The first museum in Moscow that was set up in 1791 was the Natural History Laboratory at Moscow University. This later was changed to the Zoological Museum
A surfer once sued another surfer for "stealing his wave." The case was thrown out because the court was unable to put a price on "pain and suffering" endured by the surfer watching someone else ride "his" wave
Many people in parts of China eat insects. Some common insects are bean worms, scoprions, and locusts
The largest dog in the world is the Irish Wolfhound
Ernest Vincent Wright wrote a fifty thousand-word novel, "Gadsby," without any word containing the letter "e."
The projection light used for IMAX theaters can be seen from space.
The human liver performs over 500 functions
Ballroom dancing is a course at Brigham Young University in Utah
The word "maverick" came into use after Samuel Maverick, a Texan, refused to brand his cattle. Eventually any unbranded calf became known as a Maverick
Finnish folklore states that when Santa comes to Finland to deliver gifts, he leaves his sleigh behind and rides on a goat named Ukko instead
More than $1 billion is spent each year on neck ties in the United States
In the 18th century, potatoes were given out as a dessert. They were served in a napkin, salted and hot
The only poisonous birds in the world are the three species of Pitohui. The Hooded Pitohui from Papua New Guinea is the most deadliest out of the three
Pretzels were originally invented for Christian Lent. The twists of the pretzels are to resemble arms crossed in prayer
The American Airlines Center in Dallas has more toilets per capita than any other sports and entertainment venue in the country
After 8 months, babies are more likely to get a diaper rash
The first modern toothbrush was invented in China. Its bristles came from hogs hair or the mane of a horse that were then put into ivory handles
The New Zealand Kiwi bird cannot fly
66% of wedding cards are hand delivered by people
Heavier lemons produce more, and tastier, juice
The leading cause of poisoning for children under the age of six in the home is liquid dish soap
The same amount of calories are burned by doing 6 sessions that are 5 minutes each of an activity and doing 1 session of that activity for 30 minutes
General William Booth is the founder of the Salvation Army
Iguanas can stay under water for up to thirty minutes
The fastest flying butterfly is the Monarch, which has been clocked with a speed as high as 17 miles per hour
Egyptian pyramid builders used to eat a lot of garlic because they thought it would increase their strength
The average office document gets copied 19 times
In just the first 56 days of life, the larva of the polyphemus moth eats about 86,000 times its birthweight
Every hour one billion cells in the body must be replaced
American actor Jack Nicholson, and American singer Bobby Darrin were raised believing their grandmothers were their mothers and their mothers were their older sisters
The first Ford cars had Dodge engines
The average height of an NBA basketball player is 6 feet 7 inches
One in five Americans move homes every year
The chocolate chip cookie was invented in 1933
The capital of Burkina Faso is Ouagadougou
A catfish has about 100,000 taste buds
The Liberty Bell was the first mechanical slot machine, which was invented by Charles Fey, a car mechanic in 1895.
A Russian man who wore a beard during the time of Peter the Great had to pay a special tax
The silkworm moth has lost the ability to fly ever since it has been domesticated
The first cheerleaders in the U.S. were men
In 1965, the price for an issue of TV Guide was 15 cents
In 1565 In St. Augustine, Florida the first orange trees were planted
Nose prints are used to identify dogs, much like humans use fingerprints
In the United States, six tubs of Cool Whip, a brand of whipping cream, are sold every second
The most popular chocolate bar in the United Kingdom for the last 15 years has been Kit Kat
White-Out was invented by Bette Nesmith Graham, who is the mother of Michael Nesmith from the "The Monkees."
There are over 2,000 different types of cheese in the world
Historically, a blue ribbon has been awarded for first prize
Seventy-one percent of households report they have at least one snorer. Forty-five percent of those surveyed admit they snore, 35% said their partner snores, 12% said their child snores and 9% reported their pet snores
The original meaning of the word grocer was referring to a person who traded food in wholesale. These people would usually sell in large quantities, or by the "gross."
Research indicates that mosquitoes are attracted to people who have recently eaten bananas
Actress Michelle Pfeiffer was the first choice to play Clarice Starling in the movie "Silence of the Lambs." She turned down the role because she found it too scary
The White House has 35 bathrooms, 3 elevators, 132 rooms, and 412 doors in it
Due to the deforestation of the forests in North China, over one million tons of sands blows into Beijing from the Gobi desert. It sometimes causes the sky to turn yellow.
Cows are able to hear lower and higher frequencies better than human beings
Approximately 60% of the water used by households during the summer is used for watering flowers, and lawns
The largest diamond that was ever found was 3106 carats.
In 1970, Chip maker Intel purchased a pear orchard to build their corporate headquarters on
The mating call of a male toadfish, who are underwater, is so loud that it can be heard by humans above water
The most popular jelly belly jellybean flavour is buttered popcorn
The Nike swoosh was invented by Caroline Davidson back in 1971. She received $35 for making the swoosh. The first shoe with the swoosh was introduced in 1972
Slaves under the last emperors of China wore pigtails so they could be picked out quickly
An adult esophagus can range from 10 to 14 inches in length and is one inch in diameter
A squash ball moving at 150 kilometers per hour has the same impact of a .22 bullet
Telephonophobia is the fear of telephones
The word alligator comes from the Spanish word El Lagarto, which means "The Lizard."
While still in college, Bill Gates and Paul Allen once built a special purpose machine called "Traff-O-Data." It was a machine that would analyze information gathered by traffic monitors. They never found any buyers.
The citric acid found in lemon juice is said to be able to dissolve a pearl
Robert Southey wrote the story "Goldilocks and the Three Bears" in 1834
The tallest woman in the world is American Sandy Allen who is 7 feet 7 inches
Astronauts get taller when they are in space
Only 5 to 10 percent of cheetah cubs make it to adulthood
Dentyne gum was invented in 1899 by a druggist from New York named Franklin V. Canning
It takes about three hours for food to be broken down in the human stomach
When former Texas Governor James Hogg was on his deathbed he made a special request that a pecan tree be planted at the head of his grave instead of a tombstone. The governor passed away on March 2, 1906, which is Texas Independence Day. The pecan tree is now the state tree of Texas
In a year, there are 60,000 trampoline injuries that occur in the U.S
There is an organization called SCROOGE in Charlottesville, Virginia that stands for Society to Curtail Ridiculous, Outrageous, and Ostentatious Gift Exchanges. This was formed to keep gift giving affordable and simple
The first World Series baseball playoffs occurred in 1903
Archipelago is the word to describe a large group of islands that are located close together
The life expectancy of a garbage disposal is about 5 to 10 years
In the original movie "101 Dalmatians," there are exactly 6,469,952 spots on all 101 Dalmatians as they are shown in 113,760 frames of the film combined
The average North American car contains 300 pounds of plastics
A person who is a specialist in wine making is called an oenologist
You can only smell 1/20th as well as a dog
The number one cause of rabies in the United States are bats
The music for "The Star Spangled Banner" comes from a British drinking song named "Anacreon."
27 percent of U.S. male college students believe life is "a meaningless existential hell." (big surprise, eh?)
Close to fifty percent of the bacteria in the mouth lives on the surface of our tongue
Less than 1% of the women in the world will ever be able to wear a diamond that is the size of a carat or more
Ketchup originated in China as a pickled fish sauce called ke-tsiap
In Britain, The Red Lion is the most common name for a pub
In 1997, the record for the highest skydive by a dog at 4,572 feet was established by a dog named Brutus
The majority of burglaries occur during the daytime when people are not home
Traditionally, wild cabbage was used as an aphrodisiac
Tiger Woods was introduced to golf at nine months of age by his father
A person will burn 7 percent more calories if they walk on hard dirt compared to pavement
It would take 29 million years for a car travelling 100 miles per hour to reach the nearest star
Blue Jays can imitate the calls of hawks
There are over three trillion craters on the moon, with some being having a diameter over three feet
In India, a 9-year-old girl was "married" to a stray dog, which tribal custom requires in order to protect a child whose first tooth appears on the upper gum
There is now an ATM at McMurdo Station in Antarctica, which has a winter population of two hundred people
In Canada, men are three times more likely than women to have seen a doctor in the last year
The most expensive spice in the world is saffron
In one night, an adult hippopotamus eats approximately 150 pounds of grass
Cows can detect odors up to five miles away
There are about 125 million multiples (twins, triplets, etc.) worldwide
Arthur Giblin was the inventor of the first "flushable" toilet
Consuming chocolate was once considered a sin during the 16th and 17th century. During that time it was provided in the form of a drink and since drinking wine during lent was a sin, so was drinking chocolate
Approximately 40% of the states in the U.S. have severe, or extreme pollution problems
Wendel Clark holds the record for the longest span between NHL All-Star appearances, with 13 years (1986-1999)
Ancient Egyptians believed that onions would keep evil spirits away
Dill seeds are so small that approximately 10,000 dill seeds would be required to make an ounce
To make one pound of whole milk cheese, 10 pounds of whole milk is needed
If all the insects in the world were put on a scale, they would out weigh all creatures
Women smile more than men do
A ripe cranberry will bounce. Another name for a cranberry is bounceberry
Termites work 24 hours per day -- they do not sleep
The Romans used to clean themselves with olive oil since they did not have any soap. They would pour the oil on their bodies, and then use a strigil, which is type of blade, to scrape off any dirt along with the oil
The act of stretching and yawning is referred to as pandiculation
In the 1960 movie "Psycho" by Alfred Hitchcock, chocolate syrup was used to show the blood in the shower scene
Carolyn Shoemaker, famous astronomer, has discovered 32 comets and approximately 300 asteroids
The longest fangs of a snake are found on the Gaboon Viper (Bitis gabonica), and can reach over 2 inches in length
Once a human reaches the age of 35, he/she will start losing approximately 7,000 brain cells a day. The cells will never be replaced
Approximately 100,000 people get married in Las Vegas each year
Amish people do not believe in the use of aerosal air fresheners
Coca-cola used to use the slogan "Good to the last drop," in 1908. This slogan was later used by Maxwell House
The blind cavefish is born with eyes, but they fall off as the fish grows
In ancient Egypt, Priests plucked EVERY hair from their bodies including their eyebrows and eyelashes
The Indian election in 1984 was the largest election of any country. Over 379,000,000 voters were eligible to vote at over 480,000 polling stations
A single chocolate chip gives enough energy to a human being to walk 150 feet
There are 54 bones in your hands including the wrists
The name for Oz in "The Wizard of Oz" was thought up when the creator, Frank Baum, looked at his filing cabinet and saw A-N, and O-Z, hence "Oz."
The town of Churchill, Manitoba, located in Canada, is known as the "Polar Bear Capital of the World"
Amtrak is the combination of the words "American" and "Track"
On average, an American relocates 11 times in their life
Fires onland generally move faster uphill than downhill
The cartoon character Popeye was actually based on a real person named Frank "Rocky" Fiegel who was a tough guy who was quite similar to Popeye physically
Frisbee got its name from William Russel Frisbee, who was a pie baker. He used to sell his pies in a thin tin pan, which had Frisbee written on it. When Walter Frederick Morrison thought of the idea of making saucer like disks to play catch, he visited the campus of Yale and noticed people there were using the pie pan to play catch so he therefore renamed his invention to Frisbee
Some arthritis medications contain gold salts, which is used as an anti-inflammatory
Lemon juice can aid in reducing the swelling caused by insect bites
LSD is made from lysergic acid, which is found in ergot, a type of fungus
DC-10, the name of an airplane stands for "Douglas Commercial."
In approximately 18 months, the papaya tree can grow to be 20 feet tall
Parrots cannot eat chocolate because it is poisonous to their body
Americans are responsible for generating roughly 20% percent of the garbage in the world
Termites are roasted and eaten like popcorn in South Africa
The official state tree of Illinois is The White Oak
In 1971, the postal code was introduced in Ottawa, Ontario
The tridacna clam can grow up to four feet long and weigh up to 500 pounds
The state that has the most diners in the world is New Jersey, which is referred to as the "Diner Capital of the World."
Approximately 1-2 calorie are burned a minute while watching T.V
The first recipe for a lasagna type dish was found to be from a British cookbook in the 14th century. Therefore, Italians were not the first ones to come up with the popular dish as believed
If an identical twin grows up without having a certain tooth, the other twin will most likely also grow up with that tooth missing
Albert Einstein was offered the presidency of Israel in 1952, but he declined
According to legend, tea originated in China when tea leaves accidentally blew into a pot of boiling water
Kite flying is a professional sport in Thailand
Urine from men?s public urinals was sold as a commodity in Ancient Rome. It was used as a dye and for making clothes hard
1 out of 350,000 Americans get electrocuted in their life
New Mexico is known as the "Land of Enchantment."
In 1890, Scott Paper produced the first toilet paper to be available on a roll
An elephant in the wild can eat anywhere from 100 - 1000 pounds of vegetation in a 16 hour period
Some of the other names that were thought of for the dwarfs in the Disney movie "Snow White" were Awful, Dirty, Shifty, Hotsy, and Jumpy
In the U.S., over 35 million people have used some sort of illegal drug in the last year
96% of candles that are purchased are by women
The oldest bird on record was Cocky, a cockatoo, who died in the London Zoo at the age of 82
A cow averages 40,000 jaw movements a day
The reason the soft drink Dr Pepper is called that is because the inventor Wade Morrison named it after Dr. Charles Pepper who had given him his first job
Annually 17 tons of gold is used to make wedding rings in the United States
Women on average live seven years longer than men do
A British term for slot machine is "fruit machine" or "one-armed bandit."
In 1946 Danon Yogurt were the first to add fruit to commercially produced yogurt in U.S
The first domain name ever registered was Symbolics.com on March 15, 1985.
The first flavour of a cheese ball was called "Cheddy Blue."
Over 500 million gallons of Kool-Aid drink are consumed each year
The waste produced by one chicken in its lifetime can supply enough electricity to run a 100-watt bulb for five hours
Hydrogen solid is the most dense substance in the world, at 70.6g/cc
Missouri has been to most NCAA tournaments than any other college without reaching the final four
The hump of a camel can weigh up to 35 kilograms
Lake Malawi has the largest number of fish species in the world
The first Labor Day holiday was celebrated on Tuesday, September 5, 1882, in New York City
The word "sophomore" means "sophisticated moron."
Jim Bristoe, an American, invented a 30-foot-long, 2-ton pumpkin cannon that can fire pumpkins up to five miles.
There are about 61,300 pizza restaurants in the United States of America
To tell if a egg is fully cooked or raw, just spin it. If the egg wobbles then it is still raw, and if it easily spins it is fully cooked
Used in art the word "sfumato" refers to the subtle blending of an outline by gradually blending one tone into another
There is a species of bird, Antpitta avis canis Ridgley, that barks like a dog
The flu pandemic of 1918 killed over 20 million people
Approximately 20% of Americans have a passport
The Nobel prize was first awarded in 1901
The reason why milk is white is because it contains a protein called Casein, which is white. Milk also contains fat, which is also white
After twenty-seven years, Betty Rubble made her debut as a Flintstones Vitamin in 1996
When telephone companies first began hiring telephone operators, they chose teenage boys for the job. They switched to women because the teenage boys were wrestling instead of working and pulling pranks on callers
In a lifetime, the heart pumps about one million barrels of blood
The Sears Tower in Chicago contains enough steel to build 50,000 automobiles
The first words that Thomas A. Edison spoke into the phonograph were, "Mary had a little lamb."
There are 400 species of bacteria in the human colon
In the 20th century, over three million people have died from earthquakes
In ancient Egypt, the only person who was allowed to wear cotton was the High Priest
Blueberries have more antioxidents than any other fruit or vegetables
The Mount Horeb Mustard Museum which is located in Wisconsin has the biggest collection of prepared mustards. They have approximately 4,000 different jars and tubes from all over the world
Bananas trees are not really trees. They are considered to be giant herb plants
Sponge Candy was invented in Buffalo, NY
When the volcano Krakatoa off the Java islands exploded in 1883, it was so loud that it woke some people up in South Australia
Pearls are rarely found in North American oysters
The average cocoon contains about 300-400 metres of silk
Lake Nicaragua boasts the only fresh-water sharks in the entire world
Boxing champion Gene Tunney taught Shakespeare at Yale University
The most popular pickle is the Dill pickle
Diabetes is the fourth leading cause of death in the U.S., accounting for about 180,000 deaths per year
Every year approximately 3,000 people choke to death
Cow is a Japanese brand of shaving foam
The fastest running bird is the Ostrich, which has been clocked at 97.5 kilometres per hour
When the divorce rate goes up in the United States, toy makers report that the sale of toys also rise
Q-Tip Cotton Swabs were originally called Baby Gays
The Pacific island of Tonga once issued a stamp that was banana shaped
A mole can dig a tunnel three hundred feet long in a single night
The only commercial aircraft that is able to break the sound barrier is the Concorde.
U.S. Postal Service processes 38 million address changes each year
In 1984, Ronald Reagan declared the month of July to be "National Ice Cream Month."
The small intestine in the human body is about 2 inches around, and 22 feet long
In 1905, the first pizzeria in the U.S. opened in New York City
In the early nineteenth century some advertisements claimed that riding the carousel was good for the circulation of blood
For the blockbuster movie "The Terminator," O.J. Simpson was considered to play the role of the Terminator, but producers did not choose him as they thought he would not be taken seriously
The actor who played the T-1000 in Terminator 2 (Robert Patrick) and the lead singer of Filter are brothers
The sole purpose of a drone bee is to mate with the queen bee
Walt Disney had a fear of mice
Cleopatra married two of her brothers
In an average lifetime, people spend four years traveling in cars and six months waiting for red light to turn green
At one time, pumpkins were recommended for removing freckles
In just one drop of liquid, 50 million bacteria can be present
The Montreal Canadians hockey team has won the most Stanley Cups with 24
Nylon is a man-made fibre that is made from coal and petroleum
When the First Lady, Eleanor Roosevelt, received an alarming number of threatening letters, soon after her husband became President at the height of the Depression, the Secret Service insisted that she carry a pistol in her purse
Swiss engineer George de Mestral, who got the idea after noticing burrs were sticking to his pants after his regular walks through the woods, invented Velcro.
Bees can communicate with other bees by dancing. Their dance can alert other bees as to which direction and the distance nectar and pollen is located
The steepest street in the world is Baldwin Street located in Dunedin, New Zealand. It has an incline of 38%
One billion pounds of pasta would need approximately 2,021,452,000 gallons of water to cook it. This is equivalent to 75,000 Olympic-size swimming pools
The average Super Bowl party has 18 people
An ant can detect a movement through 5 centimeters of earth
One out of 200 women is colorblind
On average, the rainfall across the Amazon is 7 feet annually.
Passion fruits have a tranquilizing effect on the body
In 1982, Larry Walters tied 24 weather balloons to his lawn chair in Los Angeles and climbed to an altitude of 16,000 feet
Centuries ago in India, a person could get their nose chopped off for breaking the law
The amount of blood a female mosquito drinks per serving is five millionths of a liter
An adult porcupine has approximately 30,000 quills on its body, which are replaced every year
The name for Ivory Soap was inspired by a verse from the Bible. Harley Proctor got though of the name when the minister read from Psalms 45:8, "All thy garments smell of myrrh and aloes and cassia, out of the ivory palaces whereby they have made thee glad."
A survey done by Clairol 10 years ago came up with 46% of men stating that it was okay to color their hair. Now 66% of men admit to coloring their hair
The name of the squiggly line "~" is called a tilde
In 1747, the first American mention of the Christmas tree occurred. However, it was a not a tree but instead a pyramid made out of wood and decorated with apples and evergreen boughs
There are more Barbie dolls in Italy than there are Canadians in Canada
The study of ants is called Myrmecology
In the United States, you are more likely to be killed by a bee sting than a shark attack
Coca-Cola was the first soft drink to be consumed in outer space
Frozen food can be just as nutritious as fresh food
Fourteen people die each day from asthma in the United States
The average amount of time spent kissing for a person in a lifetime is 20,160 minutes
The human body has approximately 37,000 miles of capillaries
The most expensive shoes in the world are ruby slippers located in Harrods in London, which cost $1.6 million, has a full time security guard. The shoes are made from platinum thread and has 642 rubies in them. It took over 700 hours to produce the shoe
Only 55% of all Americans know that the sun is a star
The city of Denver was originally chosen to host the 1976 Winter Olympics, but had to withdraw because Colorado voters rejected to finance it
The longest bout of sneezing recorded was by Donna Griffith. It began in January 13 1981 and continued until September 16 1983 and lasted for 978 days
The Taj Mahal, located in Agra, India, was actually built for use as a tomb by Mogul ruler Shah Jehan for his wife, Arjuman Banu Begum
In 1943, the July issue of "Transportation Magazine" had an article entitled "1943 Guide to Hiring Women."
Spotted skunks do handstands before they spray
Scientists with high-speed cameras have discovered that rain drops are not tear shaped but rather look like hamburger buns.
Ancient Egyptian women used to wear perfume cones made of wax that would melt in the heat letting out a nice fragrance
Mardi Gras means "Fat Tuesday." This is the festival that New Orleans, Louisiana is famous for having every year
There was once a fish caught in Delaware Bay with a watch still ticking inside
In Singapore, it is illegal to sell or own chewing gum
The nut "filbert" got its name from St. Philbert which is celebrated on August 22nd, which is also when the nut matures
Every time Beethoven sat down to write music, he poured ice water over his head
Some species of dolphin sleep with one eye open
The chewing gum Juicy Fruit has 10 calories. This is approximately the same as a bite of whole wheat bread
In ancient Egypt, doctors used jolts from the electric catfish to reduce the pain of arthritis
In order to scare away predators, Giant petrels, a type of seabird, throw up all over the intruder
Elvis Presley used to be a truck driver before he started singing
The average cow produces about 2,305 gallons of milk each year
Former U.S. president Ronald Reagan worked as a lifeguard in his youth at a beach near Dixon, Illinois and saved over 77 lives
In 2000, there were 1,579,566 drug arrests in the United States. Of those, close to half were for marijuana
Just like fingerprints, every cats nose pad is different
Popeye is 34 years old, weighs 158 lbs, and is 5 feet 6 inches tall
Researchers have shot footage of Orcas (killer whales) attacking and killing great white sharks
In 1992, approximately 750 deaths occurred in the United States due to workplace violence
In the movie "Babe", the piglet was played by over 30 different piglets they outgrew the part so quickly during the production of the film
Research indicates that people prefer the colour blue for their casual clothing
The leading cause of deaths for children between the ages of 1 and 4 are motor vehicle crashes
The first toilet being flushed in a motion picture was in the movie "Psycho."
The human brain has about 100,000,000,000 (100 billion) neurons
One acre of wheat can produce enough bread to feed a family of four people for about ten years
Queen Victoria used marijuana, to help relieve menstrual cramp pain
On a ship a toilet is called a head
Approximately 10.5 gallons of water is used in a dishwasher. Washing the dishes by hand can use up to 20 gallons of water
The thing that hangs from the top of the beak of a turkey is called the snood
Ticks can be as small as a grain of rice and grow to be as big as a marble
An American chews an average of 300 sticks of gum in a year
Most cows give more milk when they listen to music
Giant flying foxes, which are a type of bat, that live in Indonesia have wingspans of nearly six feet
Since 1950, over 230 million eggs of Silly Putty have been sold
Oral-B is a combination of oral hygiene and the letter B, which stands for the word better
Frank Wathernam was the last prisoner to leave Alcatraz prison on March 21, 1963
A blink lasts approximately 0.3 seconds
In 1903 Mary Anderson invented the windshield wipers
Both Thomas Jefferson and Jimmy Carter, U.S. presidents, were peanut farmers at one time
A cow releases about 125 gallons of gas per day
The Apollo 17 crew were the last men on the moon
Spartacus led the revolt of the Roman slaves and gladiators in 73 B.C
The Mexican version of the Tooth Fairy is known as the Tooth Mouse, which takes the tooth and leaves treasures in its place
In a day the blue whale calf drinks approximately 130 gallons of milk
A person would have to drink more than 12 cups of hot cocoa to equal the amount of caffeine found in one cup of coffee
The oldest documented footwear found was a 8,000 year-old sandal found in a cave located in Missouri, USA
Broccoli was first introduced into France during the royal marriage of Catherine de Medici to Henry II of France
By federal law, for a noodle to actually be a noodle it must have 5.5 percent egg solids in it, otherwise it cannot be called a noodle
The human heart beast roughly 35 million times a year
People that use mobile phones are 2.5 time more likely to develop cancer in areas of the brain that are adjacent to the ear they use to talk on the mobile phone
Turkeys can have heart attacks. When the Air Force was conducting test runs and breaking the sound barrier, fields of turkeys dropped dead because of heart attacks
The act of sneezing is referred to as sternutation
The average medium size piano has about 230 strings
A study revealed that men that were born with a low birth weight were less likely to get married
It takes about 63,000 trees to make the newsprint for the average Sunday edition of The New York Times
On average, you would need 12.5 gallons of milk to make one gallon of ice cream
A leech can gorge itself up to a maximum of five times its body weight
There are places in Saskatchewan called Elbow, Eyebrow, and Drinkwater
A butterfly has to have a body temperature greater than 86 degrees to be able to fly
The beeswax that is produced by Honey bees comes from eight paired glands that are located on the underside of their stomach
People in low-income homes spend 50% more time playing video games than people in high-income homes
Lighthouse keepers were nicknamed "wickies" because they tended the lamps wick
Taco Bell serves over 35 million consumers each week in the USA
During the Roman times, people used urine, called lotium in Latin, as a hair product
There are approximately 90 people that have been frozen after their death.
The smallest will ever written was 3.8 cm in diameter. It had 40 words written on it and was signed by two witnesses
The length of a human esophagus is 25 centimeters
In 1942 the Jello company introduced Cola flavored jello, which only lasted a year
Males account for 60% of toy injuries that occur in the U.S
The company "Sony" was originally called "Totsuken." They felt the name "Sony" would be easier to pronounce. The name was invented by a cross between the name "sonus" and "sonny." The name sound and sonic are derived. Sonny was used to represent a young man or boy, which would show a energetic young company
The Red Cross is called the Red Crescent in Arab countries
The Olympics were originally held for the Greek god Zeus
The oldest inhabited house in Scotland is the Traquair Castle. The castle has had 27 kings as visitors
Four billion pounds of watermelon were grown in the United States in 1999
Wham-O manufactured twenty-thousand hula-hoops a day at the peak of hula-hoop popularity in 1958
JELL-O was declared The "Official State Snack" of Utah in January 2001
Elvis Presley was obsessed with brushing his teeth
When the Statue of Liberty was moved from France to the United States, 214 crates were used to transport it. The Statue was also reduced to 350 pieces
There are approximately 2000 thunderstorms that are active at the same time which results in 100 lightning flashes a second.
In-vitro babies are born in Australia more than any other country in the world
Uranus? winter and summer seasons last the equivalent of 21 Earth years
More people die from eating sharks then from being eaten by them. This is due to a poison in shark meat
The murder rate in the United States is about four times greater than in Japan. In Japan, no private citizen can buy a handgun legally
The rarest chocolate bar in the world is the Porcelana bar. There are only 20,000 of these bars produced a year, and they sell for $90 per pound
The reason why locusts swarm are because when they are in groups, a "hot-spot" behind their hind legs is stimulated, which in turn causes their destructive nature. A large swarm of locusts can eat eighty thousand tons of corn in a day
There are an equivalent number of cows and people in Friesland, Netherlands
Centipedes always have an uneven pairs of walking legs
A chicken once had its head cut off and survived for over eighteen months, headless
The largest diamond found in the United States was a 40.23 carat white diamond. It was found in 1924 and nicknamed the "Uncle Sam."
Following directions off the Internet and chemicals obtained from a mail order company, a team of U.S. scientists created an identical copy of the polio virus.
Every day, the Hubble telescope transmits enough data to fit 10,000 standard computer disks
The average number of people that go to a party for the Super Bowl is 17
The amount of Kit Kat chocolate bars that are made at the York factory every 15 minutes are enough to outstack the Eiffel Tower
The skin of a shark is made up of "tiny teeth" which are called dermal denticles
The strongest gust of wind was recorded at the Mount Washington Observatory on April 12th, 1934, and measured 231 miles per hour.
The company Chanel claims that every 30 seconds, somewhere in the world, a bottle of Chanel No 5 is sold
The reason why bubbles are round is because this is the most efficient shape that the soap film can take for the amount of air trapped inside
It is very common for babies in New Zealand to sleep on sheepskins. This is to help them gain weight faster, and retain their body heat
From 1526 to 1707, the first six Mogul emperors of India ruled in unbroken succession from father to son
A one kilogram packet of sugar will have about 5 million grains of sugar
Bats emit ultrasonic sounds to communicate with each other
Rats can survive up to 14 days without any food
Canola oil is actually rapeseed oil but the name was changed in Canada for marketing reasons
Three consecutive strikes in bowling is called a turkey
In a year, about 90 million jars of Skippy Peanut Butter are sold. This works out to three jars sold every second
In a lifetime, an average man will shave 20,000 times
The Pentagon has 284 restrooms
From 1967-1976, the town of Tororo located in Uganda had thunder 251 out of the 365 days in a year for those years.
Children grow faster in the springtime than any other season during the year
Another name for licorice is "Sweet Wood" or "Spanish Juice."
The reason the Animal Crackers box is designed with a string handle is because when the popular circus theme was introduced in 1902 they thought it would also be a good idea to package them with a string as a Christmas novelty so they could be hung from Christmas trees
Sheep can detect other sheep faces like humans do. They can remember up to 50 sheep faces
The loudest insect in the world is the male cicadas, which are like crickets. When they rub their abdomens, the sound made can be heard from 1300 feet
Each year 96 billion pounds of food is wasted in the U.S
Pretzel snacks have been around for over 1300 years. A European monk invented the snack using used leftover bread dough
Sharks are capable of surviving on average six weeks without eating. The record observed in an aquarium is fifteen months by a species of shark known as the "swell shark."
The destruction of the Berlin Wall began when private citizens began to demolish entire sections of the Wall without interference from government officials on November 9, 1989
Most American women have their first baby when they are 24.3 years old
Frogs do not need to drink water as they absorb the water through their skin
A group of larks is called an exaltation
The Kool Aid Man used to be known as "Pitcher Man" when he was first introduced in 1975
Wheel of Fortune star Vanna White holds the record for putting her hands together approximately 140,000 times to clap
Men sweat more than women. This is because women can better regulate the amount of water they lose
Research has indicated that approximately eleven minutes are cut off the life of an average male smoker from each cigarette smoked
The triangular shape that Toblerone chocolates are packaged in, is protected by law
In 1945, the first "floating ice cream parlor" was built for sailors in the western Pacific. This "floating ice cream parlour" could produce ten gallons of ice cream every seven seconds
The formula for Coca-cola has never been patented
The average day is actually 23 hours, 56 minutes and 4.09 seconds. We have a leap year every four years to make up for this shortfall
Before its name was changed, the African Penguin used be called the Jackass Penguin because of its donkey-like braying call
During the high feeding season, it has been estimated that an adult blue whale can eat up to 40 million krill in one day. (Krill are shrimp like creatures)
Pound for pound, leopards are said to be seven times stronger than humans
One average, men spend 60 hours a year shaving
Botanically a rhubarb is a vegetable. It was changed to a fruit in 1947 by a U.S. Custom Court
Sawney Beane, his wife, 8 sons, 6 daughters, and 32 grandchildren were a family of cannibals that lived in the caves near Galloway, Scotland in the early 17th Century. Although the total number is not known, it is believed they claimed over 50 victims per year. The entire family was taken by an army detachment to Edinburgh and executed, apparently without trial
The movie that grossed the most money that was adapted from a T.V. cartoon is Scooby-Doo
There are five million scent receptors located in a human beings nose
When Coca-Cola was invented, American tourists that visited Spain were surprised to see that Coke was three times as expensive as a glass of brandy
Some silkworms can spin cocoons that contain more than two miles of silk
The mother of famous astronomer Johannes Kepler was accused of being a witch
At one time, Pumpkins were recommended for the removal of freckles and curing snake bites
Approximately 200 pets are buried in a pet cemetery out of the thousands of pets that die each day
The average Hostess Twinkie is 68 percent air as measured by volume according to university researchers
In Haiti, only 1 out of every 200 people own a car. This is ironic considering approximately 33% of the country's budget on import is spent on equipment for fuel and transportation.
Every U.S. bill regardless of denomination costs just 4 cents to make
About 30% of American admit to talking to their dogs or leaving messages on their answering machines for their dogs while they are away
Caterpillar means "hairy cat" in Old French
The ostrich has two toes on each feet which gives it greater speed
On September 3, 1970, a hailstone was found in Coffeyville, Kansas that was eight inches in diameter and weighed 1.67 pounds.
Honorificabilitudinitatibus is the longest English word that consists strictly of alternating consonants and vowels
It can take up to a month for a rattlesnake to re-supply its venom
Close to 3 billion movie tickets are sold in India every year
The word racecar and kayak are the same whether they are read left to right or right to left
There were approximately 2,228 people on board the Titanic when it sank. Of this, only 706 people survived
An elephant can live up to the age of seventy, or in some cases even more
The name "cranberry" comes from German and Dutch settlers. The berry was intially called "crane berry." The reason it was called this was because when the flowers bloom, the petals of the flowers twist backwards and look very much like the head of a crane. Eventually the name was shortened down to be "cranberry."
In New Mexico, over eleven thousand people have visited a tortilla chip that appeared to have the face of Jesus Christ burned into it
On average, he ratio of yellow kernels to white kernals in a bag of popcorn is 9:1
The first toilet stall in a public washroom is the least likely to be used. It is also the cleanest
In 1955, only 330 Volkswagen Beetle's were sold at a price of $1800 each in the United States.
Printed on the tablet being held by the Statue of Liberty is July IV, MDCCLXXVI
The country of Fiji is made up of 332 islands
The first company to mass produce teddy bears was the Ideal Toy Company
Princess Anne from the British royal family competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics
Brazil produces the most oranges in the world
The eyeball of a human weighs approximately 28 grams
A human head remains conscious for about 15 to 20 seconds after it is been decapitated
Witchcraft means "Craft of the Wise Ones."
500,000 kids in the US live in same sex households
In July 1874, a swarm of Rocky Mountain locusts flew over Nebraska covering an area estimated at 198,600 square miles. It is estimated that the swarm contained about 12.5 trillion insects. These insects became extinct thirty years later
Tropical rainforests cover about 7% of the Earth and receive over 80 inches of rain every year
The feet have approximately 250,000 sweat glands
Approximately 7.5% of all office documents get lost
The desert tortoise can live without having to drink any water. It extracts the water it needs from the vegetation it eats
There were 13 couples celebrating their honeymoon on the Titanic
Robert Wadlow is the tallest man recorded in history. He grew to be eight feet and eleven inches and weighed 490 pounds when he died
Bank robber John Dillinger played professional baseball
Research indicates that plants grow healthier when they are stroked.
France is known as the perfume capital of the world
Constipation is caused when too much water is absorbed in the large intestine and the feces become dry
One ton of grapes can produce 720 bottles of wine
Eating about twenty tart cherries a day could reduce inflammatory pain and headache pain
In 2001, the five most valuable brand names in order were Coca-Cola, Microsoft, IBM, GE, and Nokia
Milk chocolate was invented in Switzerland by David Peter in 1876
In November 1999, two women were killed by a lightning bolt. The underwire located in their bras acted as a electrical conductors, and when the lightning bolt hit the bra they left burn marks on their chest
Basketball was invented by Canadian James Naismith in 1891
Over 100,000 birds and sea animals are killed every year due to plastic garbage
The big toe is the foot reflexology pressure point for the head
85% of weddings are held in a synagogue or church
The sport of surfing originated in Hawaii
Before soccer referees started using whistles in 1878, they used to rely on waving a handkerchief
Tobacco kills more Americans each year than alcohol, cocaine, crack, heroin, homicide, suicide, car accidents, fire and AIDS combined
The best time for a person to buy shoes is in the afternoon. This is because the foot tends to swell a bit around this time
Dead cells in the body ultimately go to the kidneys for excretion
Americans, on average, spend 18% of his or her income on transportation as compared to only 13% spent on food
There are some species of snails that are venomous. Their venom can be fatal to humans
The first box of Crayola that was ever sold had the same eight colours that are sold in the box today consisting of red, blue, yellow, green, violet, orange, black and brown. The box was sold for a nickel in 1903
A turtle can breathe through its butt.
The rarest coffee in the world is Kopi Luwak, which is found in Indonesia. It cost about $300 a pound
The average America online user spends 70 minutes day online
People of Ancient China believed that swinging your arms could cure a headache
In 1938, Cliquot Club ginger ale was the first soft drink to be canned
The largest apple pie ever baked was forty by twenty three feet
Roughly 44% of junk mail is thrown away unopened
Catfish have taste buds located on their whiskers
The laundry detergent Tide, has a market share of about forty percent market
A Canadian, Troy Hurtubise, spent $100,000 and almost went bankrupt building a RoboCop style suit so that he could withstand a bear attack
In the United States, 8.5 million cosmetic surgical and non-surgical procedures were done in the year 2001
Ian Fleming named his character "James Bond" after real-life ornithologist and author
Most dinosaurs walked on their toes.
On December 17 1991, the Cleveland Cavaliers beat the Miami Heat 148-80, the largest margin of victory in an NBA game
There are mirrors on the moon. Astronauts left them so that laser beams could be bounced off of them from Earth. These beams help give us the distance to the moon give or take a few metres.
The U.S. army packs Tabasco pepper sauce in every ration kit that they give to soldiers
The trunk of an elephant can hold up to two gallons of water
Every year, an igloo hotel is built in Sweden that has the capacity to sleep 100 people
During the holiday season, approximately $220 million worth of Poinsettias are sold
A newborn kangaroo weighs approximately 0.03 ounces and is small enough to fit in a teaspoon
When Scott Paper Co. first started manufacturing toilet paper they did not put their name on the product because of embarrassment
The most senior crayon maker Emerson Moser retired after making 1.4 billion crayons for Crayola. It was then that he revealed that he was actually colorblind
Scientists have determined that having guilty feelings may actually damage your immune system
Forty-one percent of women apply body and hand moisturizer at least three times a day
Pretzel that have no salt on them are called "baldies."
The 1912 Olympics was the last Olympics that gave out gold medals that were made entirely out of gold
Monopoly is the best-selling board game in the world
There was a book written fourteen years before the sinking of the Titanic happened titled "Futility" by Morgan Robertson. This book was remarkably similar to the tragedy that happened to the Titanic in 1912
One ounce of chocolate has about 20 mg of caffeine in it
Studies have shown that classical music helps cows produce more milk
Two out of five people end up marrying their first love
The name "Muppet" was coined by Jim Henson. The word was made from a combination of the word "marionette" and "puppet."
In the Sahara Desert, there is a town named Tidikelt, which did not receive a drop of rain for ten years
The Christmas season begins after sunset on December 24th and lasts until January 5th. This is also known as the Twelve Days of Christmas
Mosquitoes are attracted to the color blue more than any other color
In Italy, Santa Claus is known by the name Babbo Natale
Two objects have struck the earth with enough force to destroy a whole city. Each object, one in 1908 and again in 1947, struck regions of Siberia. Not one human being was hurt either time
When blue whales are first born, they gain as much as 200 pounds a day while they are calves
Families who do turn off the television during meals tend to eat healthier. This was regardless of family income, or education
About 25 percent of all the energy consumed in the US is from natural gas
American novelist Mark Twain was the first known author to submit a typed manuscript
The sound made by the toadfish when mating underwater is so loud that it can be heard by humans on the shore
In America, approximately 20% of children between the ages of 2 - 7 have televisions in their rooms
Traveling by air is the safest means of transportation.
In 1996, toy company Mattel released a "Harley Davidson" Barbie. This dolls distinctive feature is a birth mark on her face that changes position with every new release of the doll
The most common injury caused by cosmetics is to the eye by a mascara wand
There have been close to 200 coups and counter-coups in the country of Bolivia
On average, pigs live for about 15 years
Roughly 42% of people in the United Kingdom snore
No NFL team which plays its home games in a domed stadium has ever won a Superbowl
Beluga whales which are also called "white whales" are not born white. They are born grey in color, and by the age of six become completely white
Tiger Woods is the first athlete to has been named "Sportsman of the Year" by magazine Sports Illustrated two times
The eight most popular foods to cause food allergies are: milk, eggs, wheat, peanuts, soy, tree nuts, fish, and shellfish
Club Direct, a travel insurance company in Britain, provides insurance plans for protection from falling coconuts
There are some bananas that are red instead of yellow
Only one out of every three people wash their hands when leaving a public bathroom
570 gallons of paint would be needed to paint the outside of the White House
Every three seconds a baby is born somewhere in the world
The total mileage driven by all U-Haul trucks in a year is enough to move a person from the Earth to the moon five times a day for an entire year
Pluto was discovered on February 10, 1930 by Clyde Tombaugh
Termites have been around for over 250 million years
The average person changes their career every 13 years
The New York Yankees have appeared in the World Series a league leading 38 times and won 26 titles
Approximately 18 billion disposable diapers end up in landfills each year. These diapers can takes as long as 500 years to finally decompose
Over 4.5 billion sticks have Trident gum have been chewed. If the stick of gum were laid out end to end they could circle the globe approximately 1.8 times
Oak trees can live 200 or more years
The brain of an ant has about 250,000 brain cells
About 26 per cent of all indoor water used by households in Sydney, Australia are for laundry
A rainbow can occur only when the sun is 40 degrees or less above the horizon
If you spray an antiseptic spray on a polar bear, its fur will turn purple
Over $7 billion a year is spent on chocolates by consumers
During World War II, Russians used dogs strapped with explosives to blow up German tanks. They trained the dogs to associate the tanks with food and ended up destroying about 25 German tanks using this method
The phrase "rule of thumb" is derived from an old English law whichstated that you couldn't beat your wife with anything wider than yourthumb.
Every year Alaska has about 5,000 earthquakes, 1,000 of which measure above 3.5 on the Richter scale
A fetus develops fingerprints at eighteen weeks
It takes about a half a gallon of water to cook macaroni, and about a gallon to clean the pot
The cornea is the only living tissue in the human body that does not contain any blood vessels
In the U.S. peanuts account for 66% of all snack nuts
There are approximately 7,000 feathers on an eagle
Sharks can sense a drop of blood from a mile away
As a defense mechanism, the North American Opossum closes its eyes and becomes totally limp. Basically it plays dead
The longest town name in the world has 167 letters
A sneeze zooms out of your mouth at over 600 m.p.h
A cesium atom in an atomic clock that beats over nine billion times a second.
The mythical Scottish town of Brigadoon appears for one day every one hundred years
Kermit the frog delivered the commencement address at Southampton College located in the state of New York in 1996
In World War II, the German submarine U-120 was sunk by a malfunctioning toilet
The phrase "Often a bridesmaid, but never a bride," actually originates from an advertisement for Listerine mouthwash from 1924
Over 50% of lottery players go back to work after winning the jackpot
The largest cultivated crop in the United States is corn
Walt Disney holds the record for the most Oscar nominations with sixty-four
On average, Americans eat one hundred acres of pizza a day. This amounts to about three hundred fifty slices per second
As an iceberg melts, it makes a fizzing sound because of the compressed air bubbles popping in the ice
The Arctic Ocean covers an area of about 14,056,000 sq miles
At one time the group "Grateful Dead" were called "The Warlocks."
Bats can detect food up to 18 feet away and what type of insect the food may be using their sense of echolocation
At the equator the Earth spins at about 1,038 miles per hour
People whose mouth has a narrow roof are more likely to snore. This is because they have less oxygen going through their nose
In one day, a human sheds 10 billion skin flakes. This amounts to approximately two kilograms in a year
On average, an American home has 3-10 gallons of hazardous materials
On average, 35 meters of hair fibre is produced on the adult scalp
Dalmatian puppies do not have any spots on them when they are born. They actually develop them as they get older
Male goats will pee on each other in order to attract mates
A dog by the name of Laika was launched into space aboard the Russian spacecraft Sputnik 2 in 1957
In 2002, dogs have killed more people in the U.S. than the Great White shark has killed in the past 100 years
The study of twins is known as gemellology
On an American one-dollar bill, there is an owl in the upper right-hand corner of the "1" encased in the "shield" and a spider hidden in the front upper right-hand corner
During one seven year period, Thomas Edison obtained approximately three hundred patents. In is whole life he obtained over one thousand patents.
When Black Jack Ketchum was hung back in 1901 in Clayton New Mexico, the noose actually ended up taking his head off. The head had to be sewn back on so Black Jack could be buried properly
Every 40,000 children are killed by fires
The highest recorded speed of a sneeze is 165 km per hour
In 1985, a pregnant women was falsely accused of shoplifting a basketball
The adult electric eel can produce a five hundred volt shock, which is enough to stun a horse
When the are in danger, kangaroos will beat the ground loudly with their hind feet
To manufacture a new car approximately 148,000 liters of water is needed.
In 410 A.D. Alaric the Visigoth demanded that Rome give him three thousand pounds of pepper as ransom
Actress Jamie Lee Curtis invented a special diaper for babies that has a pocket
Honeybees use the sun as a compass which helps them navigate
An average driver spends approximately 2 hours and 14 minutes kissing in their car in a lifetime
In gangster slang, a boxing match that is fixed is called a "barney."
In a year, an average person uses the toilet 2500 times a year
A honey bee has four wings
The Bank of America was originally called the Bank of Italy until the founder, Amedeo Giannini, changed the name in 1930
Other than London, Liverpool is the most filmed British city, and was used to film more than 140 films in 2002
The body of the average baby is 75% water
A Chinese Scientist discovered that the Earth is round during the Han Dynasty by measuring the sun and moon's path in the sky. He recorded this fact down in the imperial records but went unnoticed until it was unearthed recently but Chinese archaeologists.
Each year, Americans throw away 25 trillion Styrofoam cups
On average, Guinness sells 7 million glasses of beer a day
An artist from Chicago named Dwight Kalb created a statue of Madonna made out of 180 pounds of ham
Reports from owners of cats and dogs indicate that 21% of dogs and 7% of cats snore
The scarlet tanager, a songbird native to Illinois, can eat as many as 2,100 gypsy-moth caterpillars in one hour
To make one raindrop of water, it takes approximately a million cloud droplets
At 120 miles per hour, a Formula One car generates so much downforce that it can drive upside down on the roof of a tunnel
The smallest bone in the human body is the stapes bone which is located in the ear
India used to be the richest country in the world until the British invasion in the early 17th Century
Some African tribes refer to themselves as "motherhoods" instead of families
Between 1902 and 1907, the same tiger killed 434 people in India
The word vaccine comes from the Latin word "vacca," which means cow. This name was chosen beacause the first vaccination was derived from cowpox which was given to a boy
James Bond is also known as Mr. Kiss-Kiss-Bang-Bang
A snail can crawl across a razor blade without getting injured. This is possible because they excrete a slime that protects them
Behram, an Indian thug, holds the record for most murders by a single individual. He strangled 931 people between 1790-1840 with a piece of yellow and white cloth, called a ruhmal. The most murders by a woman are 612, by Countess Erzsebet Bathory of Hungary
Approximately 97.35618329% of all statistics are made up
The largest spider ever was the Megarachne which had a diameter of 50 cm. The fossil was found in Argentina
In Russia, when flowers are given for a romantic occasions, flowers are given in odds numbers as even number of flowers is given at funerals only
Next to man, the porpoise is the most intelligent creature on earth
The hippopotamus has the capability to remain underwater for as long as twenty-five minutes
The Australian box-jellyfish has eight eyes
In 1916, an elephant was tried and hung for murder in Erwin, Tennessee
The liquid inside young coconuts can be used as substitute for blood plasma
In the UK, one third of accidental deaths that happen occur in the home
After the U.S Civil War, about 33%-50% of all U.S. paper currency in circulation was counterfeit
Tycho Brahe, a 16th century astronomer, lost his nose in a duel with one of his students over a mathematical computation. He wore a silver replacement nose for the rest of his life
Termites do more damage in the U.S. ever year than all the fires, storms and earthquakes combined. They do an average of $750 million in damage annually
Burger King restaurants serve over 400 million ounces of orange juice annually
Each year the Pentagon estimates their computer network is hacked about 250,000 times annually
The first president to ride in an airplane was Franklin Roosevelt
The only flying saucer launch pad in the world is located in St. Paul, Alberta, Canada
The sex of a baby crocodile is determined by the temperature in the nest and how deeply the eggs are buried
The coliseum in Rome was used regularly for about 400 years
Children laugh about 400 times a day, while adults laugh on average only 15 times a day
The first formal rules for playing the sport of baseball required the winning team to score 21 runs
The University of Plymouth was the first university to offer a degree in surfing
Retail sales for soft drinks in the United States in 2001 were more than sixty billion dollars
Hens will produce larger eggs as they grow older
In the United States, about 33% of land is covered by forests
Lemons contain more sugar than strawberries
Shridhar Chillal from India is known to have the record for the longest fingernails in the world, which were each at least three feet long
In 1905, Chapman and Skinner in San Francisco invented the first portable electric vacuum.
Minimum wage was 0.25 per hour when it was first enacted in 1938
The conjunctiva is a membrane that covers the human eye
In 1785, the city of Paris removed bones from cemeteries to ease the overflow of dead people. They took these bones and stacked them in tunnels now known as the Catacombs. You can visit these tunnel attractions and work your way along long corridors, which are stacked with skulls and bones
It is estimated that over fifty-four million people died in World War II, which was the bloodiest war in history
Arabic numerals were not invented by Arabs, but were invented in India by the Hindus
The first ever "World Summit on Toilets" was held in Singapore in November 2001
Humphrey Bogart was related to Princess Diana
Researchers have developed odourless socks. The sock fabric is made by attaching molecules that contain chlorine called halamines to textile fibers
Alexandre Gustave Eiffel, the man who designed the Eiffel Tower, also designed the inner structure of the Statue of Liberty in New York Harbour
In the 1985 Boise, Idaho mayoral election, there were four write-in votes for Mr. Potato Head
MS-DOS was originally calle QDOS and was bought of the author by Microsoft for a small fee. The rest is history
Marilyn Monroe had six toes
The Roman emperor Commodus was at one time going to change the name of Rome to Colonia Commodiana
The state of Alaska has almost twice as many caribou as people
Another way to say "every 9 years" is Novennial
In the spring of 1975, a baby in Detroit fell 14 stories and landed on Joseph Figlock, who was walking below. A few years later it happened again. Figlock and both babies survived
Close to fifty percent of Internet shoppers spend over five hours a week online
Los Angeles is the most polluted city in the USA
For people that are lactose intolerant, chocolate aids in helping milk digest easier
Using recycled aluminum cans and making news cans out of them saves 75% energy compared to making it from new material.
In a year, Americans eat approximately 20 billion pickles
Althaiophobia is the fear of marshmallows
There are are roughly 100 million single adults living in the USA
In the year 2000, there were approximately 11,000 injuries that were treated in a hospital in the U.S. that resulted from fireworks
4% of an apples is made up of minerals and vitamins, and over 80% is made up of water
From all the oxygen that a human breathes, twenty percent goes to the brain
In 1902, the coat hanger was invented Albert Parkhouse who was frustrated at the lack of hooks available to hang up his coat at work. His company thought it was a good idea and patented the invention and unfortunately, Parkhouse never received any money for his idea
If a statue in the park of a person on a horse has both front legs in the air, the person died in battle; if the horse has one front leg in the air, the person died as a result of wounds received in battle; if the horse has all four legs on the ground, the person died of natural causes
The longest game of Monopoly played underwater is 45 days
In WWII, when allied armies reached the Rhine River the first thing men did was pee in it. This was pretty universal from the lowest private to Winston Churchill (who made a big show of it). Gen. Patton had himself photographed in the act
Peaches were once known as Persian apples
Dustin Phillips of the U.S. has the record for ketchup drinking. He drank a 14-ounce bottle of tomato ketchup through a ? inch straw in 33 seconds on September 23, 1999
Ninety-five percent of tropical fish sold in North America originate from Florida
The blackberry bush is also called the "bramble."
The city of Tokyo was originally called Edo
The sun shrinks five feet every hour
There have been 191 coops in Bolivia since it became a sovereign country in 1825
During World War II, Kit Kat was unavailable due to milk shortages, so the chocolate bar was made without milk
The first TV commercial advertisement was by the Bulova Watch company on July 1, 1941. The watch company paid $9.00 for an announcement that was 10 seconds long
Bill Gates began programming computers at age 13
Tobacco contains over 50 chemicals that can cause cancer
Sailors once thought that wearing a gold earring would improve their eyesight
The smallest bird in the world is the bee hummingbird. The bird is 2.24 inches long
A species of earthworm, "Megascolides australis," in Australia can grow up to fifteen feet in length
The full name of the Titanic ship is R.M.S. Titanic, which stands for Royal Mail Steamship
Electronic companies sell five times as many big-screen TVs during Super Bowl Week
A U.S. company came out with a toilet night-light that sends out a green warning beacon when the seat is up
A little under one quarter of the people in the world are vegetarians
There are approximately 1300 species of scorpion but only 25 of them are deadly
An egg shell can have up to 17,000 tiny pores on its surface
A lifespan of an eyelash is approximately 150 days
66% of home based businesses are owned by women
There are approximately 60 muscles in the face
In 1924, Kleenex tissues were originally designed as a cold cream remover
A women from Berlin Germany has had 3,110 gallstones taken out of her gall bladder
Every second, 8000 Coca-Cola Company products are consumed in the world
If all the strawberries produced in California annually were put side by side, they would wrap around the Earth fifteen times
Devon, England has about 33,000 miles of hedgerows, more hedgerows than any other country
"Bookkeeper" is the only word in English language with three consecutive double letters
An average home creates more pollution than does the average car
Four out of five brides in the U.S. have a job
75-90% of primary physician visits are due to stress
The reason why the Canadian Arctic is called the "Land of the Midnight Sun" is because during the summer many communities have light 24 hours of the day. Many people have to cover their windows with tin foil to keep the light out when they sleep
Teenage cosmetic surgeries nearly doubled in the USA between 1996 and 1998
A rocket-like device can be traced back to Ancient Greece when a flying steam-powered pigeon was built out of wood.
The Cincinnati Reds are the oldest professional baseball team
In 1871, horse cars were introduced. It was simply a car that was pulled over a track by a horse.
High Priests in ancient Egypt were the only ones who were allowed to wear garments made from cotton
Kellogg?s started selling their most famous product, Corn Flakes, in 1906
Chocolate was used as medicine during the 18th century. It was believed that chocolate could cure a stomach ache
Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada has the largest bar per capita than anywhere else in the world
The Eiffel Tower was the tallest structure in the world before the construction of the Empire State Building in 1930
The first American celebration of St. Patricks Day was at Boston in 1737
The name of the popular sports drink Gatorade was named for the University of Florida Gators where it was developed
The largest employer in Central Florida is Walt Disney World. There are approximately 50,000 people working there
In his youth, United States president George W. Bush used to play for the Midland (Texas) Central Little League. He played the position of the catcher
The number of births that occur in India each year is higher than the entire population of Australia
Bobby Carpenter was the first American player to score 50 goals in a season
The word, tattoo originated from the Tahitain word "tattau" which means "to mark."
There was no punctuation until the 15th century
All babies are colour blind when they are born
Rocky Mountain spotted fever is a disease caused by ticks
There are approximately 9,000 taste buds on the tongue
A fetus starts to develop fingerprints at the age of eight weeks
The reason why your nose gets runny when you are crying is because the tears from the eyes drain into the nose
Gorillas can catch human colds and other illnesses
On October 15, 1794, the first silver dollar coins were released to be circulated to the public
In one day, the Tootsie Roll Industry makes over 16 million lollipops
In many of the milk ads that are shown, a mix of thinner and white paint is used instead of milk
Baskin Robbins once made ketchup ice cream. This was the only vegetable flavoured ice cream produced. However, they discontinued it since they thought it would not sell well
The strike note of the Liberty Bell in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania is e-flat
A Connecticut Toy maker, Herobuilders, sells action figures of President George W. Bush, Islamic militant Osama bin Laden, New York Mayor Rudolph Giuliani and British Prime Minister Tony Blair, which are all major figures tied to the September 11, 2001 WTC attacks
Majority of brides plan their wedding for approximately 7 to 12 months
Benjamin Franklin invented the rocking chair.
Persia changed its name to Iran in 1935
In the wild, the poinsettia flower can reach a height of 12 feet, and have leaves that are eight inches across.
Construction workers hard hats were first invented and used in the building of the Hoover Dam in 1933.
A study indicates that smokers are likely to die on average six and a half years earlier than non-smokers
TYPEWRITER, is one of the longest words that can be made using the letters only one row of the keyboard
Bill Gates donated close to $100 million to fight AIDS in India. As a percent of his total wealth, this would be comparable to him donating ten cents if he only had $60
In 1999, a three headed turtle was discovered by Lin Chi-Fa in his pond in Southern Taiwan
Approximately one out of every 55 women from Canada give birth in their car on the way to the hospital or clinic
The first United States president to visit China was Richard Nixon
The most popular show amongst baby boomers is Star Trek.
The first jet engine was invented by Frank Whittleof of England in 1930.
In a day, an elephant can drink 80 gallons of water
In 1948 and 1950 the oldest ears of popping corn were discovered. They were located in the Bat Cave of west central New Mexico. They ranged in size from smaller than a penny to approximately two inches, and were about 4,000 years old
It cost the soft drink industry $100 million a year for thefts committed involving vending machines
Watermelon is considered a good gift to give a host in Japan and China
The planet Venus spins opposite to the other planets in the solar system
During a typical human life span, the human heart will beat approximately 2.5 billion times
Frog-eating bats identify edible frogs from poisonous ones by listening to the mating calls of male frogs. Frogs counter this by hiding and using short, difficult to locate calls
Dieting can cause bad breath since less saliva is produced which leads to dry mouth
At lift off, US space shuttles weight about 4.5 million pounds.
When an orange is shown in any of the "Godfather" movies, this means that someone is about to die or a close call is to occur.
Doctors in Canada use an adhesive similar to Krazy Glue instead of stitches, lowering the possibility of bacterial infection and minimizing scarring
Soil that is heated by geysers are now making it possible to produce bananas in Iceland
Chameleon is derived from the Greek, meaning "little lion."
The name Aspirin was invented from "A" in acetyl chloride. The "spir" comes from spiraea ulmaria which is the plant that they got the salicylic acid from, and the "in" was used because back then it was popular to end the name of medicines with "in."
About 30% of Canadians rely on getting their water from the ground for their domestic use
The eye of a human can distinguish 500 shades of the gray
Most heart attacks occur between the hours of 8 and 9 am
No one in Greece has memorized all 158 verses
Gloucestershire airport in England used to blast Tina Turner songs on its runways to scare birds away
The first German car to be built solely outside of Germany is the BMW Z3.
In China, fish is eaten more than three times what it is in the United States
The United Parcel Service shipped the killer whale Keiko (star of Disney movie "Free Willy") from Mexico City to Newport, Oregon in 1998
Hippos can live up to 40 years in the wild
The windiest place in the world is Mount Washington, New Hampshire, USA. The highest wind was on April 12, 1934 when it reached 231 mph.
The first restaurant to open in Hollywood was the Musso & Frank Grill in 1919
Corn Flakes were invented after Will Keith Kellogg and his brother Dr. John Harvey Kellogg set about developing a nutritious cereal for the patients of a health resort in 1890
The three wealthiest families in the world have more assets than the combined wealth of the forty-eight poorest nations
Huge Moore, the inventor of Dixie cups got the idea for the name from a neighboring factory, the Dixie Doll Company
The turkey was once nominated to be the official bird of the United States
In 1958 the United States sent three mice into space named, Mia, Laska and Benji
On average, Americans spend five times more of their time in their cars than they do on vacation
Natural gas does not have any odor. In order to detect a gas leak, some gas companies add a chemical that smells similar like rotten eggs.
Spiders have claws at the ends of their legs
Warner Brothers Corset Company created the bra cup sizing system, which is now used universally used by manufacturers
In the U.S. 7 out of 10 homes use candles
Daytime dramas are called Soap Operas because they were originally used to advertise soap powder. In America in the early days of TV, advertisers would write stories around the use of their soap powder
It takes approximately 12 years for Jupiter to orbit the sun
98% of houses in the United States have at least one television set
Reserves from the Irish army were used as extras in the movie "Braveheart."
80% of people that are on weight loss programs exercise on average three times a week
The first Valentine candy box was invented by Richard Cadbury in the 1800's.
An olive tree can live up to 1500 years
96% of people put the peanut butter on first when making a peanut butter and jelly sandwich
Scientists have actually performed brain surgery on cockroaches
By donating just one pint of blood, four lives can be saved
The biggest hamburger that was served was 8,266 pounds. It was made at the Burger Fest in Seymour, Wisconsin
Pilgrims did not eat potatoes for Thanksgiving as they thought they were poisonous
On average, a hen lays 300 eggs per year
BluBlocker sunglasses were developed with lenses that were used in the NASA space program for American astronauts
There are an estimated 2,500 collisions between birds and planes each year in the US
Richard Millhouse Nixon was the first US president whose name contains all the letters from the word "criminal." The second? William Jefferson Clinton
A chicken is 75% water
During his lifetime, artist Vincent Van Gogh only sold one of his paintings (The Red Vineyard)
Coffee has about five times the amount of caffeine as a can of Coke
It takes the Hubble telescope about 97 minutes to complete an orbit of the Earth. On average, the Hubble uses the equivilent amount of energy as 30 household lightbulbs to complete an orbit.
Approximately 850 peanuts make a 18 oz jar of peanut butter
The age of a saguaro cactus is calculated by its height
The most expensive animated movie is "Prince of Egypt", which cost $70 million to make
The oldest roller coaster in the world is the Leap-The-Dips roller coaster located in Lakemont Park in Pennsylvania. The roller coaster was built in 1902
There are three golf balls sitting on the moon
The name Santa Claus came from Saint Nicholas who was a bishop in the town of Myra, and was known to be very nice to children
Microsoft made $16,005 in revenue in its first year of operation
At the 1960 Winter Olympic Games, Walt Disney was head of the committee that organized the opening day ceremonies
No other animal gives us more by-products than the hog. These by-products include pig suede, buttons, glass, paint brushes, crayons, chalk, and insulation to name a few
The ruby red slippers in the movie "The Wizard of Oz" were sold off at an auction for $660,000
40 percent of the almonds in the world are used by manufacturers of chocolate
Olives, which grow on trees, were first cultivated 5,000 years ago in Syria
A person infected with the SARS virus, has a 95-98% chance of recovery
When explorers first arrived in Venezuela, they were reminded of Venice. They named the country "Little Venice", which translated into Spanish is Venezuela
Between 12%-15% of the population is left-handed
When a polar bear cub is born, it can not see or hear. It takes approximately a month for the cub to start to see and hear
Girls have more tastebud than boys
Dandelion root can be roasted and ground as a coffee substitute
Platypuses mate in the water
Julie Nixon, daughter of Richard Nixon married David Eisenhower, grandson of Dwight Eisenhower
A flea can jump 150 times its size. That is the same as a person able to jump up 1,000 feet in the air
Morihei Ueshiba, founder of Aikido, once pinned an opponent using only a single finger
The game of squash originated in the United Kingdom. It came about after a few boys, who were waiting for their turn to play racquets, knocked a ball around in a confined area adjoining the racquets court
New Jersey has a spoon museum that has over 5,400 spoons from across the world
Hydrogen is the most common atom in the universe
There is a town named Dildo in the province of Newfoundland, Canada
The postage rate for a letter in 1693 was determined through how much light could pass through the letter. The postage rate would be more expensive if less light went through, and this process was called candling
The Sears Tower located in Chicago, Illinois is made up 76,000 tons of steel
There are more recreational golfers per capita in Canada than any other country in the world
The largest bill U.S. bill made is for $100,000
Playwright Shakespeare was only 18 years old when he married Ann Hathaway, who was 26 years old at the time
Wherever a person is standing in the state of Michigan in the United States, they are within 85 miles of one of the Great Lakes
It only takes a male horse 14 seconds to copulate
The driest place on earth is Calama, in the Atacama Desert in Chile
After being picked an orange cannot ripen
The stomach of an adult can hold 1.5 liters of material
On average, a whole chicken from the grocery store weighs 3 pounds 12 ounces
A galactic year is 250 million Earth-years. This is the time it takes for our solar system to make one revolution around the Milky Way Galaxy.
Singer Paula Abdul used to be a cheerleader for the Los Angeles Lakers
Fossilized bird droppings are one of the chief exports of Nauru, an island nation in the Western Pacific
Water expands 9% when it is frozen
The origin of apples traces back to the Middle East over 4,000 years ago
The colours yellow, red, and orange are used in fast food restaraunts because those are the colours that stimulate hunger
99% of pumpkins that are sold are sold for decoration
On Sunday, December 7, 1941 at 7:55 AM, the attack on Pearl Harbor commenced
If all the cars from the U.S. were taken and lined up from bumper to bumper, there would be enough cars to go to the moon from earth and back.
The elephant is the national animal of Thailand
A Canadian Tour company offers a two-day course in igloo building
When the Pez mint dispenser was first introduced it was meant to replace the activity of smoking
Gardening is said to be one of the best exercises for maintaining healthy bones
The speed of sound must be exceeded to produce a sonic boom.
Over 600,000 people died as a result of the Spanish influenza epidemic
From all the vegetables, beets contain the most sugar
Smelling bananas can help a person lose weight
In Miami, Florida, roosting vultures have taken to snatching poodles from rooftop patios
Only female mosquitoes bite humans. Male mosquitoes live on natural liquids from plants and other resources
An estimated 690 million people live in Africa
The difference between horns and antlers is that horns never stop growing and antlers shed and grow every year
African Baobab tree's circumference can reach 180 feet. If the trunk is hollow, 20 people would be able to fit inside of it.
On average, the Pentagon uses 666 rolls of toilet paper in one day
The USS Abraham Lincoln has five gymnasiums on the ship and a basketball league with 22 teams
Found in Argentina, the ornate horned frog can eat an entire mouse with one swallow
Great Britain was the first country to issue postage stamps in 1840
During World War II, there was not enough sugar in the U.S. to make candy as it was sent to the troops overseas. At this time, popcorn was consumed three times more than its usual amount
The most famous movie theatre is the "Chinese Theatre" located in Los Angeles, USA
In the U.S., the sport that causes the most injuries among the age group of 15-24 is basketball
Oscar Wilde and his friends came up the with the word "dude." It came from the words "duds" and "attitude."
By weight, the sun is 70% hydrogen, 28% helium, 1.5% carbon, nitrogen, and oxygen, and 0.5% all other elements.
Melba toast is named after an Australian opera singer Dame Nellie Melba
Astronomers once believed a planet named Vulcan existed between Mercury and the Sun
Talc was used by cavemen 15,000 years ago as an ingredient added to make paint
Ants do not sleep
The only married couple to fly together in space were Jan Davis and Mark Lee, who flew aboard the Endeavor space shuttle from Sept 12-20, 1992
Valentina Tereshkova was the first woman to enter space. She spent three days in space and completed forty-eight orbits of Earth
More than 3000 years ago children played with circular hoops made with grape vines. This toy was swung around the waist. Years later this toy was made by company called Wham-O and the Hula-Hoop was invented in 1958
Owls swallow their prey whole because they have no teeth. After approximately 12 hours they cough up the feathers, bones, and fur in a shape of a football pellet
Sharks have survived on earth for about 400 million years
Ukrainian monk, Dionysius Exiguus, created the modern day Christian calendar
The revenue that is generated from gambling is more than the revenue that comes from movies, cruise ships, recorded music, theme parks, and spectator sports combined
Every 30 seconds a house fire doubles in size
An alligator has about 80 teeth in its mouth at one time. An alligator can go through 3,000 teeth in a lifetime
The story of Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer was written in 1939 for a store promotion by an advertising employee of the department store Montgomery Ward
Actor Charlie Chaplin made 81 movies over a career that spanned 50 years
The music group Simply Red got its name from band member Mick Hucknall, who has red hair
Every three minutes a woman is diagnosed with breast cancer
The lifespan of a rhinoceros is generally 50 years
41% of women apply body or hand moisturizer a minimum three times a day
The largest ice cream sundae was made with 4,667 gallons of ice cream, was 12 feet high and had 7000 pounds of toppings on it. This was made in Anaheim, California in 1985
The name of the award given to honor the best sites on the Internet is called "The Webby Award."
The United States Mint once considered producing donut-shaped coins.
A Hungarian named Ladislo Biro invented the first ballpoint pen in 1938.
Many years ago, a fish was caught that was 33 inches long and seemed to be heavier than it should. When they cut the fish, fishermen found a full of bottle of ale inside it
George Washington grew hemp in his garden
In New York City, approximately 1,600 people are bitten by other humans annually
In 1980, Saddam Hussein received a key to the city of Detroit
The song "Strawberry Fields Forever" sung by the Beatles refers to an orphanage located in Liverpool
False Bay, on the southern tip of Africa and close to Cape Town, South Africa, is a breeding ground for great white sharks, which feed off the thousands of seals in the bay. However, it is the only area in the known world in which these sharks are known to breach - they attack the seals by coming up vertically, often leaping clear of the water with their prey in their mouths
In 1952, the first TV toy commercial aired. It was for Mr. Potato Head
In the United States, approximately seven billion pounds of chocolate and candy are manufactured each year
Mules have one horse and one donkey for a parent
On average, 350 squirts are needed from milking a cow to make a gallon of milk
On average, a baby in the United States will eat fifteen pounds of cereal in their first year of life
The name Hasbro was invented by the name of the founders: HASsenfeld BROthers
Due to sugar shortages to make candy during World War II, movie theatre owners turned to popcorn, which is now the best selling snack at movie theatres today
A group of whales is called a pod or gam
Even though a polar bears fur looks white it is actually colourless and is made with hollow tubes. The reason the bear looks white is because the rough inner surface of the tubes make light scatter and reflect at many different angles which gives the white appearance
There is a type of coffin made that can be used as a wine rack or picnic table before its final use
One gallon of used motor oil can ruin approximately one million gallons of fresh water
After the Eiffel Tower was built, one person was killed during the installation of the lifts. No one was killed during the actual construction of the tower
Approximately 87% of dog owners say that when they watch T.V. their dog curls up beside them or at their feet
Bernd Eilts, a German artist, turns dried cow manure into wall clocks and small sculptures. He is now expanding his business to include cow dung wrist watches
People who meet their calcium need reduce their risk of developing kidney stones
The human heart weighs less than a pound
The first Life Saver flavour, which was peppermint, was invented in 1912 and it was called Pep-O-Mint
The average life span of a peasant during the medieval ages was 25 years
Before 1859, baseball umpires were seated in padded chairs behind home plate
On February 10, 1964 the first self-adhesive stamps were issued
The ocean sunfish can produce thirty million eggs at once
The highest point in France is Mont Blanc, located in the Alps.
The American Automobile association was formed in 1905 for the sole purpose of warning motorists of police speed traps
In England, a cigarette is referred to as a fag
In 1980, there was only one country in the world with no telephones - Bhutan
Moscow was founded in 1147 by Yury Dolgoruky
In 1976, fourteen banks merged to form a bank credit card called "Mastercharge." This was later renamed to what is now know as "Mastercard."
There are over 500 different types of bananas
In 1848, the first American pasta factory opened in Brooklyn, New York. The name of the man that opened it was Antoine Zerega
Albert Einstein was cremated and his ashes were spread over a river located in New Jersey
Your right lung takes in more air than your left one does
The longest acceptance speech in the history of the Oscars was by Greer Garson in 1942. She received an Oscar for Best Actress for the movie Mrs. Miniver, and her speech was five minutes and 30 seconds long
Octopi change colours when they become frightened. Normally they are a brownish colour, but can change to green or blue when fear sets in
A "gelotologist" is a person who studies laughter
A 13-year-old boy in India produced winged beetles in his urine after hatching the eggs in his body
Fat is important for the development of children and normal growth
The state of California has more 7-Eleven stores than any other state. There are approximately 1,200 stores
The deepest underwater penguin dive is 1,772 feet by an Emperor Penguin
38% of Americans eat breakfast everyday
There are over 100 styles of BluBlocker sunglasses available on the market
When a predator is chasing an impala, a type of antelope, it runs in a zig zag formation jumping as high as three metres
David Rice Atchinson was President of the United States for exactly one day. This happened due to a glitch in American law at the time. new
To make one glass of orange juice, 50 glasses of water are needed to grow enough oranges to make the juice
Penguins can jump as high as 6 feet in the air
Tomatina is the legendary Spanish tomato-throwing festival held in Bunol, Spain
Pigs have no sweat glands, which is why they stay in water or mud to keep cool
There is no element on Mendeleev's (the current) periodic table of elements abbreviated, either partially, or fully, with the letter J.
One of the Bond girls in the James Bond movie, "For Your Eyes Only," used to be a man
In February 1878, the first telephone book was published in New Haven, Connecticut. The book was one page long and had fifty names in it.
Only President to win a Pulitzer: John F. Kennedy for "Profiles in Courage"
Roman emperors ate flamingo tongues which were considered a delicacy. Also parrotfish livers, and pheasant brains were feasted on
In 2002, the most popular car color in North America was silver.
Forty percent of Americans iron their clothes while wearing their underwear or being completely naked
About 85% or product warning labels on household products are inadequate
The largest volcano known is on Mars: Olympus Mons, 370 miles wide and 79,000 feet high, is almost three times higher than Mount Everest
Mexican jumping beans jump because of moth larvae inside the bean
There are 691 drinking fountains in the Pentagon
Author Robert May considered the names of Reginald and Rollo before he settled on "Rudolph, the red-nosed reindeer."
A study concludes that kids who snore do poorly in school
Chocolate maker Cadbury uses more than sixty thousand tonnes of cocoa each year, in the United Kingdom alone
There are more pigs than humans in Denmark
A human eyeball weighs an ounce
The "Mexican Hat Dance" is the official dance of Mexico
The first open heart surgery was performed by Dr. Daniel Hall Williams in 1893
The DNA of humans is closer to a rat than a cat
Peladophobia refers to the fear of bald people
One Neptune year lasts 165 Earth years
In the U.S., 75% of the pencils sold are painted yellow
A person that is struck by lightning has a greater chance of developing motor neurone disease
In Canada, the $1 and $2 come in the form of coins. The $1 is nicknamed a "loonie" because it contains a loon on it and the $2 is nicknamed the "twonie" because it is the equivalent of two "loonies."
Singer Michael Jackson owns the rights to the South Carolina State anthem
On average a business document is copied 19 times
Pigeons can see ultraviolet lights
The list of ingredients that make up lipstick include fish scales
An average person consumes the equivalent of 26 gallons of milk a year, including almost 28 pounds of cheese
65% of the candy that is produced in an year is consumed by American adults 18 years and older
The little circles of paper that are cut out after a paper has been punched by a hole puncher are called "chad."
Teflon is the most slipperiest substance in the world
The lifespan of a firefly is about seven days. During these days, they are busy trying to find a mate
A crocodile can run up to a speed of 11 miles per hour
Fried spiders taste like nuts
In one day, adult lungs move about 10,000 litres of air
Cows do not have any upper front teeth. Instead they have a thick pad on the top jaw
On average, Americans move to a new place eleven times in their lifetime
Energy is being wasted if a toaster is left plugged in after use
The Golden Gate Bridge was first opened in 1937
In an episode of the 1962 cartoon The Jestons, Jane Jetson is talking through a video phone. The phone number of The Jetsons was VENUS-1234
Trees that are near street lights do not shed their leaves as fast as a tree that is in the country
No president of the United States was an only child
7-Eleven is the largest retail chain in the world. Click Here For More Details
A Singapore singing group by the name of "The Oriental Singers," sang non-stop for 74 hours and five minutes
Every 25 miles a car produces one pound of pollution.
There was a molasses flood in Boston on January 15, 1919 that killed 21 people and injured 150 people
There are over one billion people that are actively involved in rice growth
On April 4, 1974, John Massis of Belgium pulled two New York Long Island railroad passenger cars totaling 80 tons with a thick rope, with a small bit attached, using only his teeth
The oldest major soft drink in America is Dr. Pepper, which originated in Waco, Texas in 1885
Hockey pucks were originally made from frozen cow dung
In L.A., U.S.A., a man may legally beat his wife with a leather strap, as long as it is less than 2 inches wide
The Arctic Tern, which is a small bird, can fly a round trip from the Arctic to the Antarctic and back. This can be as long as twenty thousand miles per year. This is the longest migration for a bird
The word "America" comes from the European explorer "Amerigo Vespucci
Over 100 million birds die annually by crashing into glass windows in the United States
In 1933, Mickey Mouse is believed to have received 800,000 fan letters
Male rabbits are called "bucks," females are "does."
It took eleven years to built the Taj Mahal, (1632-1643)
Mangos are known throughout the world as the "King of Fruits."
The temperature of milk when it is coming out of a cow is about 36 degrees celsius
Wild Flamingos are pink because they consume vast quantities of algae and brine shrimp
The word "diastema" is the word for having a gap between your teeth
While digging, an Armadillo can hold its breath for up to six minutes
Of all the restaurants that are opened, 90% of them fail in the first year. Of the remaining ones that survive, 90% of those fail in the second year
The sun is approximately 75% hydrogen, 25% helium by mass
When a porcupine is born, its quills are soft and mostly white, but harden within hours
Since 1978, at least 37 people have died as a result of shaking vending machines, in an attempt to get free merchandise. More than 100 people have been injured
The first drug to be sold in the form of a tablet is Aspirin
Great White sharks have about 3,000 teeth
Former U.S. President Franklin Pierce was arrested during his term as President for running over an old lady with his horse, but the charges were later dropped
The world record for time without sleep is 264 hours (11 days) by Randy Gardner in 1965
The giant squid is the largest animal without a backbone
There is enough water in American swimming pools to cover the whole city of San Francisco seven feet deep
215 jeans can be made with one bale of cotton
Pineapples were first introduced into Europe by Christopher Columbus
When a women is pregnant, her senses are all heightened
The Food and Drug Administration says the most common injury from cosmetics comes from scratching the eye with a mascara wand
It has been medically been proven that laughter is an effective pain killer
Cataloupes are named after the gardens of Cantaloupe, Italy where some belive this melon was first grown
In the 13th century, quality standards for paste were assigned by the Pope
In a year, the average person walks four miles to make his or her bed
The first television broadcast of the Oscars took place in 1953, hosted by Bob Hope on NBC
Most snakes have six rows of teeth
NASDAQ stand for, "National Association of Securities Dealers Automated Quotations."
An average women has 17 square feet of skin. When a women is in her ninth month of pregnancy she has 18.5 square feet of skin
The average American eats 35,000 cookies in his/her lifetime
The greatest snowfall ever in a single storm was 189 inches at the Mount Shasta Ski Bowl in February, 1959.
French astronomer Adrien Auzout had once considered building a telescope that was 1,000 feet long in the 1600s. He thought the magnification would be so great, he would see animals on the moon
The first email was sent out by Ray Tomlinson in 1971
The city of Chicago has the only post office in the world where you can drive your car through
The most overdue book in the world was borrowed from Sidney Sussex College in Cambridge, England and was returned 288 years later
There are about 34,000 species of spiders
In 1968, Abbie Hoffman played with a yo-yo while testifying before a congressional committee. He was found in contempt
The biggest candy eaters are the Dutch, who average 65 pounds of candy per person in a year
55,700 people in the US are injured by jewelry each year
American President Calvin Coolidge (1923-1929) used to like Vaseline being rubbed on his head while he ate breakfast in bed
In 1657, the first chocolate house was opened in London, England
The Xerox company was initially called the Haloid Company
On average, Americans spend 33% of their life sleeping
One out of every five births in the United States are delivered by Cesarean section
Studies indicate that surgeons who listen to music while they operate improve in their performance
Thomas Edison was afraid of the dark
Thailand used to be called Siam
A sneeze can travel as fast as one hundred miles per hour
The Pentagon cost $49,600,000 to build in 1941
Desert snails can stay in their shell for up to three years
The revolving door was invented in 1888, by Theophilus Van Kannel.
The Lion King is the top grossing Disney movie of all-time with domestic gross intake of $312 million
The state that grows the most cranberries is Wisconsin. More than 300 million pounds of cranberries are grown in Wisconsin
The smallest frog is the "Brazilian baby frog", which is smaller than a dime
The idea of Christmas cards was invented by Englishman Henry Cole in 1843
Air is passed through the nose at a speed of 100 miles per hour when a person sneezes
Britons eat over 22,000 tonnes of french fries a week
People from the United States eat the most chicken per person than anywhere else in the world
Sanskrit is considered as the mother of all higher languages. This is because it is the most precise, and therefore suitable language for computer software
The origins of the soldier term "G.I." is an abbreviation for "Government Issue," which was stamped on all government kits supplied to recruits in the US Army during World War II
Watermelons are a popular gift to bring to a host in China or Japan
Beethoven used to take hay baths to remedy the swelling he used to get in his legs
On average Americans spend 18% of their income on transportation
Of all the words Dr. Seuss made up in his storybooks, only one has stuck in the English vocabulary: grinch, which is refers to a killjoy -- and it took more than 20 years
Montreal has an underground city, which has over 2,000 shops and 26 kilometres of walkways. This is the largest underground network for any city
The official state mammal of Texas is the armadillo
The word Himalayas means the "home of snow."
A man filed a lawsuit against his doctor because he survived longer than what the doctor had predicted
It took approximately 2.5 million blocks to build the Pyramid of Giza, which is one of the Great Pyramids
The platypus uses its bill to find animals that it feeds on. Its bill can sense the tiny electric fields that their preys emit
Central Park located in New York has 125 drinking fountains
The largest school in the world is City Montessori School in India and has over 25,000 students in grade levels ranging from kindergarten to college
Washing machines use anywhere from 40 to 200 litres of water per load
Australia has had stamps that actually look like gems. In 1995 and 1996 they used a special technology to make the stamps look like diamonds and opals.
There are only four words in the English language which end in
In only eight minutes, the Space Shuttle can accelerate to a speed of 27,000 kilometres per hour.
In a study conducted regarding toilet paper usage, Americans are said to use the most toilet paper per trip to the bathroom, which was seven sheets of toilet paper per trip
German cockroaches can survive for up to one month without food and two weeks without water
George Washington had teeth made out of hippopotamus ivory
The amount of aluminum that Americans throw out in three months is enough to rebuild all American commercial planes
Humans breathe in and out approximately one litre of air in ten seconds
British scientists have found evidence that heart attacks increase significantly for people who watch soccer penalty shoot-outs
Fine-grained volcanic ash can be found as an ingredient in some toothpaste
The most disliked vegetable by Americans is Brussels sprouts
The first ice hotel was built in Swedish Lapland
A myrmecologist studies ants
Rice is thrown at weddings as a symbol of fertility
More than 90% of shark attack victims survive
The average temperature on Earth is 15 degrees celcius.
To produce a dozen eggs, a hen has to eat about four pounds of feed
Pollsters say that 40 percent of dog and cat owners carry pictures of the pets in their wallets
When Coca-Cola began to be sold in China, they used characters that would sound like "Coca-Cola" when spoken. Unfortunately, what they turned out to mean was "Bite the wax tadpole". It did not sell well
In the United States, 80% of households have oatmeal in their kitchen
A cockroach can change directions up to 25 times in a second
In 1825, the first toilet was installed in the White House
Cricket chirping can tell the temperature outside. Counting how many times a cricket chirps in 15 seconds and then adding 40 to that number will approximately tell you what the temperature is in Fahrenheit
Every year, 50,000,000 automobiles are produced in the world.
Pikeville, Kentucky consumes the most Pepsi per capita then any other American city
After the death of the genius, Albert Einstein, his brain was removed by a pathologist and put in a jar for future study
Cubic Zirconia is 55% heavier than real diamonds.
The fastest speed a raindrop had reached when falling is seven miles per hour.
Battle Creek, Michigan is referred to as the "Cereal Bowl of America." The city produces the most breakfast cereals than any other city in the world
The stringy thing that is seen in egg whites is called "chalazae."
The city of Argentia which is located on Newfoundland's southwest coast, is Canada's most fog-bound community. It has 206 days of fog each year.
Seven percent of a humans body wieght is made up of blood
Most snails are hermaphrodites, meaning they have both female and male reproductive organs
Dogs can be trained to detect an upcoming epileptic seizure
American women, on average, spend 55 minutes per day getting showered, dressed, and groomed
Germany produces more than 5,000 varieties of beer and has about 1,300 breweries in country
In some parts of the Atacama Desert it has never rained
In 1681, the last dodo bird died
Strawberries are a member of the rose family
It is common in Israel and Egypt to eat watermelon with feta cheese
The most popular recipient of Valentine cards are school teachers
The average stay for a prisoner on Alcatraz, when it was used as a prison, was five years
Mickey Mouse is known as "Topolino" in Italy
About twenty-five percent of the population sneeze when they are exposed to light
In Japan, tipping at restaurants is not a norm. However, some restaurants might add a 5 - 10 % service charge to the bill
The first automobile racetrack in America was the 'Indianapolis Motor Speedway,' which had 3 million cobblestones.
A cow has four compartments in its stomach
The most popular place to burn candles in the house is the living room
In Japan, by the time man reaches the age of 60, he is commemorated with a special ceremony. This ceremony features the man wearing a red kimono, which denotes that he no longer has the responsibilities of being a mature adult
The all-time most nominated Grammy artist with 77 nominations is Quincy Jones
In 1845, inventor Thomas Adams started the world's first chewing gum factory.
In 1693, the postage rate of a letter was determined by how much light went through the letter. The less the light went through the letter the more expensive the rate would be. This technique was referred to as candling
Polar bears have been known to swim more than 60 miles without resting
Before 1883, the three-cent U.S. stamp was also used for advertising. The advertisment was located on the back of the stamp for various products
The largest ketchup bottle in the world is a 170 feet tall and is located in Collinsville, Illinois, USA. It was built in 1949 by the W.E. Caldwell Company as a water tower
Bo Jackson set a Monday Night Football record by rushing for 222 yards in one game against the Seattle Seahawks, including a 91-yard TD run
There are approximately 75,000,000 horses in the world
The fins of the Spiny Dogfish Shark are sometimes used as sandpaper for wood products
The Super Bowl is so popular that it is the number on at-home party event of the year
There was a time in Japan where a wife being left handed was a ground for divorce
The United States produces enough plastic film annually to cover the entire state of Texas
It is possible to get high by licking a toad. The Cane Toad produces a toxin called bufotenine to ward off predators. When licked, this toxin acts as a hallucinogen
Stinging insects kills approximately 25 people annually in the U.S
The first commercial microwave oven was called the "1161 Radarange" and was the size of a refrigerator
Chances of a women getting breast cancer are increased by excesseive use of alcohol
A common name for pincurls is also spitcurls because woman sometimes wet their hair with their saliva before curling it
The first hot air balloon flight traveled for 5.5 miles over Paris and lasted for 23 minutes
Birds do not sweat, as they do not have sweat glands
Former U.S. President Ronald Reagan once wore a Nazi uniform while acting in a film during his Hollywood days. The name of the movie was "Desperate Journey," which was filmed in 1942
The town of Olney, Illinois celebrates a "Squirrel Day" festival to honour the 200 albino squirrels that live in the town. The festival includes a squirrel blessing by a priest
In the United States there are about three million honey producing colonies
Adult earwigs can float in water for up to 24 hours
January is named for the Roman god Janus. Janus was a temple god who could look forward and backward at the same time
Pepper was sold as individual grains during the Elizabethan times. The guards at the London docks had to sew up their pockets so they would not steal any of the pepper
On average, the life span of an American dollar bill is eighteen months
A diet high in fat is said to impede memory
There are more than 1,000 chemicals in a cup of coffee. Of these, only 26 have been tested, and half-caused cancer in rats
The heart of an adult giraffe weighs on average 26 pounds
Two million red blood cells die every second
The first American astronaut in space was Alan B. Shepard Jr
The world record for donut eating is held by John Haight, who ate 29 donuts (52 ounces) in a little over six minutes
Hundreds of years ago, only the wealthy people used to wear underwear
Buffalo wings, got their name because the spicy chicken wings originated in Buffalo, New York
The board game Scrabble was originally called "Criss Cross Words" by inventor Alfred Butts
Men are more likely to be colorblind than women. About one of out of 12 men are colorblind
Edwin Armstrong invented FM radio in 1933. The first men to use FM radio to communicate with Earth from the moon's surface were named Edwin Aldrin and Neil Armstrong.
The MGM lion, whose name was Leo, lived in Memphis until his death
The Bible was written by over 40 authors over a period of 1500 years
The range of a medieval long-bow is 220 yards
Studies indicate that weightlifters working out in blue gyms can handle heavier weights
African heart-nosed bats can have such a keen sense of sound that they can hear the footsteps of a beetle walking on sand from six feet away
Many of the stars that were in the Poltergeist Trilogy had strange deaths
The sap of a banana plant leaves serious stains on hands and clothes that is extremely hard to remove
In Ireland, a prime minister is a called a Taoiseach
American President John Tyler had 15 children
Even though red roses looks the same, there are over 900 different types of red roses
People in France own more pets in the world per person than any other country
In a five card poker game there are 2,598,960 possible hands
The most common pear world-wide is the Bartlett. It is bell-shaped, sweet and soft with a light green colour
Annually, British people eat more than 15 pounds of beans
The largest known hailstone to have fallen was in Germany in 1925, which weighed close to four and a half pounds.
The Kraft company produces enough Cool Whip, a brand of whipping cream, in one year to fill the entire Grand Canyon
Karate actually originated in India, but was developed further in China
A seagull can drink salt water because it has special glands that filter out the salt
95% of the entire lemon crop produced in the U.S. is from California and Arizona
There are more than 3000 documented caves located in the state of Tennessee
Soy crayons have been invented to replace wax crayons and one acre of soybeans can produce over 80,000 crayons
People drank gold powder mixed in with water in medieval Europe to relieve pain from sore limbs
Basketball great Wilt Chamberlain never fouled out of a game
A ear trumpet was used before the hearing aid was invented by people who had difficulty hearing
In 1982, a cactus in Phoenix, Arizona killed a man. David Grundman fired two shotgun blasts at a giant saguaro cactus that ended up falling on top of him
The most popular American city for Kool-Aid sales is St. Louis, Missouri
A human embryo is smaller than a grain of rice at four weeks old
In 1923, the first neon sign was introduced in the U.S. Two neon signs were sold to a Packard car dealership for $24,000 which read, "Packard."
Silk was developed in China were it was kept a secret for more than two thousands years. Anyone found trying to smuggle silkworm eggs or cocoons out of the country was immediately put to death
Ivory bar soap floating was a mistake. They had been mixing the soap formula causing excess air bubbles that made it float. Customers wrote and told how much they loved that it floated, and it has floated ever since
Sir John Harington, the godson of Queen Elizabeth I, was the inventor of the toilet
The Popsicle was invented by 11 year-old Frank Epperson in 1905. He left his drink outside with a stir stick in it and he noticed that it had frozen. He applied for a patent in 1923 and named it "Epsicle." The name was later changed to Popsicle
In the U.S., approximately 46% of the chicken that is eaten by people comes from restaurants or other food outlets
One pound of maple syrup can make eight pounds of candy or sugar
Uranus is the only planet that rotates on its side
The peanut is not a nut, it is actually a legume
Approximately 71% of American chocolate eaters prefer to eat milk chocolate
A colony of bees have to fly almost fifty-five thousand miles and tap two million flowers to make one pound of honey
Popped popcorn should be stored in the freezer or refrigerator as this way it can stay crunchy for up to three weeks
The first fruit eaten on the moon was a peach
The name "Lego" came from the Danish word LEg Godt, which means "play well."
Female and male black bears cannot tolerate being around each other except when they breed
In 1998, Ten Speed Press publishing company published a book, "The Eat A Bug Cookbook" by David George Gordon that contains over 33 bug recipes
Twelve men have landed on and explored the moon
The football team Green Bay Packers comes from a meat packing company called Acme Packing
Unlike a frog a toad cannot jump
The average weight of a newborn baby is 7 lbs. 6 oz. For a triplet baby it is 3 lbs. 12 oz
Baseball was the first sport to be pictured on the cover of Sports Illustrated
A group of tigers is called a streak
Hippos drink as much as 250 litres of water in any given 24 hour period
The Beatles have sold more records than anyone else with over a billion worldwide
After the "Popeye" comic strip was launched in 1931, spinach consumption went up by thirty-three percent in the United States
The largest type of penguin is the Emperor Penguin which can stand to be almost 3.5 feet tall and weigh more than 90 pounds
Over 175 million cubic yards of earth was removed for the creation of the Panama Canal
7-Eleven was the first convenience store to have television advertising. The animated commercial ran in 1949 and had a singing rooster and owl
A honey bee strokes its wings about 11,500 times a minute
On average men spend 51 minutes a day grooming themselves
Sharks are so powerful that their bite can generate a force of up to 18 tons per square inch
The designated instrument for the city of Detroit is the accordion
Percentage of Americans who have visited Disneyland/Disney World: 70%
On average, Americans spend $1300 on utility bills annually
The New York Stock Exchange started out as a coffee house
There are approximately 2,700 different species of mosquitoes
Colonel Sanders original white suit was auctioned off for $80,000 in February 2002
EPCOT stands for "Experimental Prototype City Of Tomorrow."
The reason why tattoos do not vanish even though we shed our skin is because the dye is injected deeper into the dermis part of the skin. It is only the epidermis that we shed
Over 170,000 Indians from 210 tribes live in the Brazilian Amazon Rainforest
Cashew nuts contain oil in the shell that is very irritating to the skin
A caterpillar grows roughly 27,000 times its size when it first emerges as an egg
Lightning strikes the Empire States Building about seven times a year
Snake venom is ninety percent protein
More than three thousand people work on research in Antarctica each year
The first product that the toy company Mattel came out with was picture frames
Scientists have discovered a way to make biodegradable plastic from plants by using genetic engineering.
The Earth orbits the Sun at a speed of about 108,000 km per hour
In 1897, Bayer, who is the makers of Aspirin, once marketed the drug heroin
In Australia, a common "Boxing day" activity is surfing
In 1986, a drunk fan got into a pace car at Talladega Superspeedway, and started joyriding on the track in front of a nationwide audience. The police cruisers who had to chase him around the track were not amused when they caught and arrested him
Mary Hart, the co-anchor of Entertainment Tonight, has each of her legs insured for one million dollars
The two top toys in 1950 were Silly Putty which sold for $1, and Crayola crayons which sold for 50 cents
The King Cobra has enough venom in its bite that it can kill up to 13 adults
Earl Dean developed the bottle design for Coca-Cola
The word "super" to a beekeeper refers to the hive box where the honey is stored
Only 23% of New Zealand families have more than two children
Deliberately infecting people with malaria has been used to cure different viral infections. The high fever will strengthen the immune system and fight the virus. In recent times this has been considered as a treatment to HIV
By partially filling saucers with vinegar and distributing the saucers around a room, you can eliminate odors
The only animals that are capable of turning their heads 180 degrees are from the genus Galago, such as the Tarsier
In the United States birds and planes collided more than 22,000 times between the years of 1990 and 1998
The average number of pillowcases washed a day at the MGM Grand Hotel in Las Vegas is 15,000
Over 40 million Americans have chronic bad breath
There are 158 verses in the Greek National Anthem
A regulation baseball has exactly 108 stitches
In a study that was done by the University of Chicago in 1907, it was concluded that the easiest color to spot is yellow. This is why John Hertz, who is the founder of the Yellow Cab Company picked cabs to be yellow
On average it takes a shark seven days to replace a tooth
The biggest religious building in the world is a Hindu Temple, Angkor Wat, located in Cambodia. It was built at the end of the 11th century
In Britain, there are approximately 50,000 pubs with 17,000 different names
Snails eat with a rasping mouth called a "radula," which has thousands of teeth
A dragonfly has a lifespan of for to seven weeks
Chewing on gum while cutting onions can help a person from producing tears
The majority of American models are skinnier than 98% of American women
The first jigsaw puzzle was created by map maker John Splisbury who mounted one of his maps on a sheet of hardwood. He proceeded to cut around the borders of each country use a fine saw
Owen Falls Lake is the largest man-made lake in the world
The patent number of the telephone is 174465.
On average, 81% of Americans 16 years of age and older watch television at least once in a day
If a raisin is dropped into a glass of champagne it will bounce up and down in the glass
Reptiles do not perspire, and do not have any oil glands
Eating chocolate three times a month helps people live longer as opposed to people who overeat chocolate or do not eat chocolate at all
There is a doggy disco held in Italy every year where owners can dance with their dogs
The average number of guests that attend a wedding in the U.S. is 189
In ancient Egypt, the dung beetle symbolized eternal rebirth and the Sun God Khepri
If a cockroach breaks a leg it can grow another one
Budweiser beer is named after a town in Czechoslovakia
Each day the sun causes about one trillion tons of water to evaporate
Actress Debra Winger helped to perform the voice of E.T. in the movie ?E.T. The Extra Terrestrial (1982)."
There are more than 640 muscles in the human body
Airports that are at higher altitudes require a longer airstrip due to lower air density
Every second, two Barbie dolls are sold somewhere in the world
The Ice Cream cone was invented in the summer of 1904 by Charles Menches. It made its debut one year later at the St. Louis World Fair
The rhinoceros beetle can carry up to 850 times its weight on its back. This is equivalent to a person carrying over 50 mini-vans on their back
The game rugby was originated at Rugby school located in England in 1823. This happened when William Webb Ellis, while playing soccer, picked the ball up in his hands and started running with it
The first episode of the popular television sitcom Happy Days was titled "All The Way."
Scientists have discovered that the longer the ring finger is in boys the less chance they have of having a heart attack
When the body is resting, it takes in about 10 litres of air every minute
George Washington had to borrow money to go to his own inauguration
There have been over fifty million Mr. Potato Heads sold since it came out in 1952
All of Chrysler's PT Cruisers are built in Mexico.
Movies approximately make five times more from video sales than ticket sales
There has only been 193,000 metric tonnes of gold discovered to date.
In 1958, the United States Coast Guard off western Greenland measured the tallest known iceberg at five hundred and fifty feet
Baby donkeys or baby mules are also known as "Foals."
When Sony introduced the walkman, it had a variety of different names in different countries. It was called "Soundabout" in the U.S., "Stowaway" in the U.K., and "Freestyle" in Australia
In Canada, the most productive day of the workweek is Tuesday
Author Dr. Seuss wrote the book "Green Eggs and Ham" because the editor made him a bet that he could not write a book, which contained less than fifty words
Armadillos have four babies at a time, and they are always the same sex
The tallest mammal in the world is the giraffe
Obsessive nose picking is referred to as rhinotillexomania
The spider used in the 2002 movie Spider-Man was a Steatoda spider, not a black widow. The spider was given anaesthesia, and was then painted blue and red
Donkeys can live between 30 to 50 years in captivity
In the United States, approximately 25,000 eye injuries occur that result in the person becoming totally blind
Australian Graham Barker extracted his own belly button fluff every day for 18 years acquiring a record-breaking amount of fluff. He hopes to accumulate enough fluff to stuff a pillow
Every year, surgical tools are left in approximately 1,500 patients in the USA. Fatter patients are more prone to having a surgical tool left inside of them due to the additional amount of space in their bodies
Medical reports show that about 18% of the population are prone to sleepwalking
In Ancient Egypt, cats were often buried with their masters, or in a special cemetary for cats
In Ontario, an average household income of a golfer is greater than $60,000
The Danish company Lego, which began in 1932, first manufactured ironing boards, and stepladders
Mice will nurse babies that are not their own
Saturday is the most popular day for people to eat out in the United States
Singer Alice Cooper once had a live chicken thrown at him during a concert in Toronto. He threw the chicken back at the crowd and all the publicity surrounding the incident skyrocketed his singing career
Between 1997-2002, there was an increase of 228% in cosmetic procedures in the United States
Elmer Smith was the first player to hit a grand slam in a World Series
Ancient Egyptians used the spice Thyme to help preserve mummies
On average, an American family sends and receives 28 Christmas cards each year
In Belgium, 94% of children under the age of fourteen own LEGO products
In ancient Rome, lead poisoning was a prevalent disease amongst the wealthy because of their extensive use of lead. Many Roman women died because of lead poisoning caused by the use of make-up that contained lead
The famous jewelry store Tiffany & Co. was established on September 18, 1837 in New York City. The amount of sales that were made the first day were $4.98
Depending on the size, it can take an oyster anywhere from few months to many years to form a pearl
In one minute, the heart of a giraffe can pump 160 gallons of blood
Each day Americans 15 and over spend an average of 55 minutes of driving
Storks were a symbol of fertility in Europe and were considered to bring good luck
The largest pig on record was a Poland-China hog named Big Bill, who weighed 2,552 lbs
The parents of Albert Einstein were worried that he was mentally slow because it took him a long time to learn how to speak
Badminton originates from a sport in India called "poona."
In October 1973, Swedish sweet maker Roland Ohisson of Falkenberg was buried in a coffin made of nothing but chocolate
More than 100 professional cyclists participate in the Tour de France every year and the race is over 3,200 kilometers
In the United States, turkeys are mostly raised in California
The only state to grow pineapples is Hawaii
There are more than 50 different types of pumpkins. Some of them have names such as Munchkin, Funny Face, and Spooktacular
In order to mate, a male deep sea anglerfish will bite a female when he finds her. The male will never let go and will eventually merge his body into the female and spend the rest of his life inside the female mate. The males internal organs will disappear apart from the testes that are needed to for breeding
Tacoma Narrows Bridge which was located in Washington was nicknamed "Galloping Gertie" because of the unusual way it twisted and swayed with even with the slightest winds when people would drive on it. The bridge collapsed on November 7, 1940, fortunately no humans died, except for a dog
At least 7% of all health care costs in the United States are attributed to smoking
On September 7, 1997, the first flight of the F-22a occurred.
There are five years in a quinquennium
The average life span of a mosquito is two weeks
Eating 11 pounds of apples will make you gain one pound of weight
The shark cornea has been used in eye surgery, since its cornea is similar to a human cornea
The largest fish in the world is the whale shark. It can weigh several tons and grow to more than fifty feet in length
The fastest bird in the world is the Peregrine Falcon, which can reach speeds in excess of two hundred miles per hour
The world camel population is close to 19 million
The word "Denim" comes from the French phrase "serge de Nimes" which is a fabric made in a town located in southern France
February 17th, 1930, was the first flight by a cow in an airplane. The milk that was produced by the cow during the flight was put into containers and parachuted over the city of St. Louis
The most popular gift that teachers receive in the United States from their students is chocolate
The Bible has been translated into Klingon
The name for the sign "&" which represents the world "and" is ampersand
The Eiffel Tower weight is approximately 9441 tons
The first translation of the Bible into English was in 1382 A.D., by John Wycliff
The meaning of Siberia is "sleeping land."
Ancient Romans at one time used human urine as an ingredient in their toothpaste
Billie Jean by Michael Jackson was the first video to air on MTV by a black artist
Eyebrow hair lasts between 3-5 months before it sheds
An elephant cannot jump
Scientists say that babies that are breastfed are more likely to be slimmer as adults than those that are not breastfed
The reason why the Mexican sombrero hat is so wide is to provide shade for the entire body
Amazingly, goalies in the National Hockey League played without masks until the year 1959
According to research, the most productive workday is Tuesday and the least productive is Friday
The makers of Crayola produce over 2 billion crayons in a year
The human face is made up of 14 bones
Mangos are valued for their reputation as an aphrodisiac in countries such as Guatemala and India
There are over 9 million beef and dairy cattle in New Zealand
The coconut is the largest seed in the world
Basketball superstar Wilt Chamberlain holds 56 NBA records
In 1990, the largest watermelon ever grown was 262 pounds, by Bill Carson of Tennesse, USA
Some toothpastes contain antifreeze
During the Gold Rush in 1849, some people paid as much as $100 for a simple glass of water
The only English place that has a name that ends with an exclamation mark is "Westward Ho!"
There are at least six universal facial expressions. They are: happiness, sadness, disgust, fear, anger and surprise
In the movie "The Exorcist" the vomit that (Regan) Linda Blair hurls at Father Damien Karras is thick pea soup
The Library of Congress, located in Washington D.C., is the largest library in the world
There is a substance in the skin of the African clawed frog that helps in fighting infection
The Sea of Tranquility on the moon is deeper than the highest mountain on Earth
The most popular vacation destinations for Americans in 1956 was Niagara Falls
In 1967, the first successful heart transplant was performed in Cape Town, South Africa
"Pomology" is the science of growing an apple
The total number of episodes for the sitcom "I Love Lucy" was 180
The town with the most stop signs per capita than any other in the US: LaConner, Washington
There is a Harley-Davidson that was designed as an exact replica of a hamburger
The blue whale is the loudest animal on the earth. Its whistle can reach up to 188 decibels
Five Jell-O flavors that flopped: celery, coffee, cola, apple, andchocolate.
Mosquitoes prefer children over adults
When baby sharks are born, they swim away from their mothers right away and are on there own. In fact, their mothers might see them as prey
Soaking beans for twelve hours in water before they are cooked can reduce flatulence caused by beans
The vegetable that is eaten most by Americans is potatoes. On average, a person eats about 140 pounds of potatoes annually
In the dry valleys region of Antarctica, it has not rained in 2 million years according to scientists
Keeping your car tuned up is a good way to save on gas. A car that is tuned up is 9% more efficient on gasoline.
The venom of the king cobra is so deadly that one bite can kill twenty people or one elephant
There is a law in the state of Idaho that does not permit one citizen to give another citizen a box of candy that is heavier than 50 pounds
The kidneys filter over 400 gallons of blood each day
Another word to refer to old age is senectitude
The most popular meal ordered at restaurants in the U.S. is fried chicken
Kit Kat chocolate bar was introduced to the market in 1935
Fear of clowns is called coulrophobia
The average person is about a quarter of an inch taller at night
Common pesticides such as roach, termite and flea insecticide can be found in the bodies of majority of Americans
There is no tipping in Iceland
The founder of JC Penny had the middle name of Cash
Eating parsley after eating an onion can help in getting rid of onion breath
Gorilla gorilla gorilla is the scientific name for the animal gorilla
In the U.S. the most common excuse made to get out of paying a ticket is to say they missed the sign
On average, it is estimated that females injure themselves ten time more than males do while playing sports
A house cat spends 70% of its time sleeping
The first hair dryer was a vacuum cleaner that was used for drying hair
Whale eyes are the size of a grapefruit
Painting a house yellow or having a yellow trim helps in selling a house faster
On August 21st, 1911, someone stole the Mona Lisa, the most famous painting in the world, from the Louvre Museum. It was recovered two years later
The Great Wall stretches for about 4,500 miles across North China
Frosted Flakes mascot "Tony the Tiger" has a wife, son (Tony Jr.) and daughter (Antoinette) that were used in early advertising commercials
The iron disulfide (Pyrite) is considered "fool's gold" because it looks very similar to gold.
Smiling releases endorphins in the body, which makes people feel better
A dentist from Buffalo New York named Alfred P. Southwick invented the electric chair.
ABBA got their name by taking the first letter from each of their names (Agnetha, Bjorn, Benny, Anni-frid.)
The space between your eyebrows is called the Glabella
Grapes are grown around the world more than any other fruit
The best selling game in history for coin-operated machines is Pac-Man
Google receives more than 200 million search queries a day, more than half of which come from outside the United States. Peak traffic hours to google.com are between 6 a.m. and noon PST, when more than 2,000 search queries are answered a second
There is a Hamburger hall of fame in Seymour, Wisconsin
The Olympic torch weighs about 3 pounds
The famous Christmas song "Jingle Bells" was written for a Thanksgiving program in 1857 by James Pierpont. At the time, the song was called "The One-Horse Open Sleigh."
The average bank teller loses about $250 every year
Initially golf balls were made out of wood. After that they were made out of leather which was stuffed with feathers
Russian I.M. Chisov survived a 21,980 plunge out of a plane with no parachute. He landed on the steep side of a snow-covered mountain with only a fractured pelvis and slight concussion
About 70 percent of Americans who go to college do it just to make more money
The oldest actor to win a Best Actor Oscar is Henry Fonda. He was 76 when he won it
Babies who wear disposable diapers are five times more likely to develop diaper rash than those that wear cotton diapers
The first lighthouse built in the USA was in Boston, MA in 1716
The Snickers chocolate bar was invented in 1930
When Nylons first went on sale in the United States in 1940, four million pairs were sold in only a few days
On average, a man spends about five months of his life shaving
Oprah Winfrey was the first black woman to anchor a newscast in Nashville at WTVF-TV
Ever year, Americans spend close to $25 billion on beer
In 1888, an Egyptian peasant discovered an estimated three hundred thousand mummified cats in Beni Hassan, Egypt. Of the cats that were not stolen once, the find was made public, the remaining mummified cats were shipped to Great Britain to be used as agricultural fertilizer
The smallest stamp in the world was issued in 1863 by the Columbian state of Bolivar and measured 9.5 x 8mm
There are over 1,800 known species of fleas
Ivory soap slogan "99-44/100% Pure" was cleverly invented by Harley Proctor who with the help of chemists determined that Ivory soap was only 56/100 pure. Proctor simply subtracted 56 from 100 and came up with "99-44/100% Pure"
The longest word in the English language is 1909 letters long and it refers to a distinct part of DNA
Brain damage will only occur if a fever goes above 107.6 degrees farenheit
It requires 63 feet of wire to make a Slinky toy
Casey Kasem is the voice of Shaggy on the cartoon show "Scooby-Doo." Casey Kasem, being a strict vegetarian, also requested that Shaggy follow the same diet on the show
In the U.S., the milk production per dairy cow is approximately 12,000 pounds
In America, 38% of doctors are Indians
People with allergies can lower allergy reactions by laughing
Some farmers in Japan have learned to grow their watermelons into a square shape. They did this to conserve shelf space
The heaviest United States President was William Howard Taft who weighed 332 pounds
Tasmania is said to have the cleanest air in the world
Studies show that divorced women have more trouble starting new relationships than divorced men
Did you know that there are coffee flavored PEZ?
An individual coral animal is called a polyp
There are dolphins that live in the Amazon River that are the colour pink
Navel oranges got their name because the bottom of this type of orange resembles a belly button or navel
Tohru Iwatani, the inventor of the video game Pac-Man, came up with the idea when he saw a pizza with a slice missing at a dinner party
One tree can filter up to sixty pounds of pollutants from the air each year.
In America, one out of every two marriages ends up in divorce
A chance of a woman having twins is increased after the age of 35. About 1 in 27 women will give birth to twins after this age. After 50 the chances of having twins is 1 in 9
The ant can lift 50 times its own weight, can pull 30 times its own weight, and always falls over on its right side when intoxicated
The Hollywood sign was first erected in 1923. It was first erected as "Hollywoodland."
The first commercial chewing gum was sold in 1848 by John B. Curtis, who also made the gum. He called the gum "State of Maine Pure Spruce Gum."
Touching and stroking a plant will aid in it growing healthy
Average age of top GM executives in 1994: 49.8 years. Average age ofthe Rolling Stones: 50.6.
Business.com is currently the most expensive domain name sold for $7.5 million
31% of employees skip lunch entirely
Olive oil can help in lowering cholesterol levels and decreasing the risk of heart complications
Ho-Ho-Kus, a small town in New Jersey, is the only town in the United States of America that has two dashes in its name
Romans, in the third century, believed that the lemon was an antidote for all poisons
During the Easter season, 600 million Marshmallow Peeps are bought my Americans. The Marshmallow Peep is the most popular Easter candy besides chocolate
In the Great Fire of London in 1666, only six people were killed
During World War II, the 2nd Polish Corps had a brown bear named Wojtek, who helped move boxes of ammunition during the battle of Monte Cassino
In the United States, every year about 15 people die from dog bites
Sheep can survive for up to two weeks buried in snow drifts.Click Here For More Details
The Crayola colour flesh was changed to peach in 1962 because of the fact that people have many different skin colours
7 out of 10 people believe in life after death
The largest coral reef in the world is the Great Barrier Reef located in Australia. The reef is approximately 2023 kilometers long
On a bottle of brandy VSOP stand for "Very Special Old Pale."
The word "dexterity", to do with skill is related to the right hand. The opposite of the word "deter" is "sinister", to do with evil, it is related to the left hand
Male sea horses are the ones that get impregnated rather than the females. Males have a pouch on their belly that provides incubation for the female?s eggs and they can have up to 1500 babies at one time
NASA scientists have concluded that the state of California is moving north and will collide with the state of Alaska in roughly 150 million years
The best selling chocolate syrup in the world is Hershey
The word Karate means, "empty hand."
There are some types of chocolates that are actually good for the arteries and heart
The speed at which honey bees fly is at 15 miles per hour
The average life expectancy of an ant is about 90 days
The appliance that uses the most use of water in the home is the toilet
The first movie to ever cost $100 million to make is Terminator 2: Judgment Day in 1991
In the first century, people used to drink goats milk to sweeten their breath
The first product that Sony came out with was the rice cooker
In the United States, ice cream is sold the most on a Sunday
Over the course of one year, a coffee tree only produces about 1.5 pounds of coffee
The substance that gives red wine and dark beer its color is said to have a positive effects on cholesterol and blood pressure
Tripolini pasta was named for the Italian conquest of Tripoli in Libya
In 2002, the most popular boat name in the U.S. was Liberty
One out of 20 people have an extra rib
44% of kids watch television before they go to sleep
In 1865, the U.S. Secret Service was first established for the specific purpose to combat the counterfeiting of money
In 1967, the IMAX film system was invented by Canadian Ivan Grame Ferguson to premier at Expo 67.
Approximately 40% of the U.S. paper currency in circulation was counterfeit by the end of the Civil War
Every three days a human stomach gets a new lining
In 1873, Colgate made a toothpaste that was available in a jar
The Kodiak, which is native to Alaska, is the largest bear and can measure up to eight feet and weigh as much as 1,700 pounds
The Gastric Flu can cause projectile vomiting
The second best selling game of all time is Jenga. Jenga is a Swahili word, meaning "to build."
Cinderella is known as Rashin Coatie in Scotland, Zezolla in Italy, and Yeh-hsien in China
The fur of the binturong, also known as the "Asian Bear Cat," smells like popcorn. The scent is believed to come from a gland located near the tail
In 1894 the first big Coke sign was found on the side of a building located in Cartersville, Georgia, and still exists today
The longest distance a deepwater lobster has been recorded to travel is 225 miles
Orcas (killer whales), when traveling in groups, breathe in unison
The Great Pyramids used to be as white as snow because they were encased in a bright limestone that has worn off over the years
NASCAR stands for National Association for Stock Car Auto Racing
Percentage of American men who say they would marry the same woman if they had it to do all over again: 80%
Paul Hunn holds the record for the loudest burp, which was 118.1 decibels, which is as loud as a chainsaw
A monkey was once tried and convicted for smoking a cigarette in South Bend, Indiana
There are six million parts in the Boeing 747-400.
The first TONKA truck was made in 1947
Sugar Bear (the mascot for Golden Crisps cereal) was born in 1963
The Tonle Sap River in Cambodia flows north for almost half the year and then south for the rest of the year
Japanese research has concluded that moderate drinking can boost IQ levels
For more than 3,000 years, Carpenter ants have been used to close wounds in India, Asia and South America
Baskin Robbins plain vanilla ice cream is the number one selling flavour and accounts for a quarter of their sales
Elizabeth Taylor has appeared on the cover of Life magazine more than anyone else
The typical lead pencil can draw a line that is thirty five miles long
The word "toy" comes from an old English word that means "tool."
Smokers are twice as likely to develop lower back pain than non-smokers
Humans are born with 300 bones in their body, however when a person reaches adulthood they only have 206 bones. This occurs because many of them join together to make a single bone
The reason why hair turns gray as we age is because the pigment cells in the hair follicle start to die, which is responsible for producing "melanin" which gives the hair colour
In 1960 there were 16,067 gambling slots in Nevada. By 1999, this number rose to 205,726 slots which would be one slot for every 10 people residing there
The two factories of the Jelly Belly Candy Company produces approximately 100,000 pounds of jelly beans a day. this amounts to about 1,250,000 jelly beans an hour
Pucks hit by hockey sticks have reached speeds of up to 150 miles per hour
The "naked recreation and travel" industry has grown by 233% in the past decade
The Planters Peanut Company mascot, Mr. Peanut, was created during a contest for schoolchildren in 1916
The expression cooked "al dente" means "to the tooth." What this means is that the pasta should be somewhat firm, and offer some resistance to the tooth, but should also be tender
Of married couples, 70% of men and 60% of women have cheated on their spouse
The first couple to be shown on a sitcom sleeping in the same bed was "Mary Kay and Johnny."
Asthma affects one in fifteen children under the age of eighteen
Throughout the South, peanuts were known as "Monkey Nuts," and "Goober peas," before the civil war
Scallops have approximately 100 eyes around the edge of its shell
In 1810, Peter Durand invented the tin can for preserving food
Men in their early twenties shave an average of four times a week
Colour is not an indicator for the taste or ripeness in cranberries
Each year there are approximately 20 billion coconuts produced worldwide
A chicken with red earlobes will produce brown eggs, and a chicken with white earlobes will produce white eggs
Not all polar bears hibernate; only pregnant females polar bears do
There is a restaurant in Stockholm that only offers all-garlic products. They even have a garlic cheesecake
Serving ice cream on cherry pie was once illegal in Kansas
Superman The Escape rollercoaster, located in California at Six Flags Magic Mountain, goes from 0 to 100 miles per hour in only 7 seconds
Five thousandths of a millimeter is the tolerance of accuracy at the LEGO mould factories
2.5 cans of Spam are consumed every second in the United States
The Koala bear is not really a bear, but is really related to the kangaroo and the wombat.
One gallon of pure maple syrup weighs 11 pounds
Instead of a Birthday Cake, many Russian children are given a Birthday Pie
The largest employer in the world is the Indian railway system in India, employing over 1.6 million people
The word "comet" comes from the Greek word "kometes" meaning long hair and referring to the tail
The average price for a major league baseball game in 2004 is $19.82
The hydra, which is related to the jellyfish, can grow its body back in a couple of days if it is cut in half
The deepest mine in the world is the East Rand mine, which goes to a depth of about 3,585 metres
Native Indians have been known to paint their doors blue, which they believe keeps the bad spirits out
Before air conditioning was invented, white cotton slipcovers were put on furniture to keep the air cool.
It would take about fourteen and half million notes of currency to build a mile high stack
It costs about 3 cents to make a $1 bill in the United States
Colgate faced a big obstacle marketing toothpaste in Spanish speaking countries. Colgate translates into the command "go hang yourself."
The cross bow was invented by the Chinese and records of its usage goes back to as far as the Three Kingdom Period (220 a.d.-280 a.d.).
It is estimated that by the end of 2000, there has been 142,600 tonnes of gold mined in the world
One-third pound stalk of broccoli contains more vitamin C than 204 apples
The Flintstones cartoon was the first thirty-minute cartoon to be aired during prime time
The abbreviation Xmas for the word Christmas is of Greek origin. Since the word for Christ in the Greek language is Xristos, which starts with the letter "X," they started putting the X in place of Christ and came up with the short form for the word Christmas
Dipsomania refers to an insatiable craving for alcoholic beverages
Pitcher Darold Knowles once pitched all seven games of one World Series
In a day, kids in the U.S. that are between the ages of 2 - 8 spend 28 minutes of their time coloring
The Ancient Greek women made a type of cheek blush by painting their cheeks with herbal pastes which was made out of crushed berries and seeds
Herbert Hoover, who was the 31st president of the United Stated, turned over all the Federal salary checks he received to charity during the 47 years he was in government
Macadamia nuts are not sold in their shells because it takes 300 pounds per square inch of pressure to break the shell
Japan has approximately 200 volcanoes and is home to 10% of the active volcanoes in the world
Before 1928, yo-yos used to be called bandalores in the United States
The only South East Asian country that has never been colonized by a Western Power is Thailand
In 1631, two London bible printers accidentally left the word "not" out of the seventh commandment, which then read, "Thou shalt commit adultery." This legendary book is now known as the "Wicked Bible."
Irish Wolfhound dogs have a short lifespan and live about 7-8 years
When Queen Elizabeth I of England died she owned over 3,000 gowns
Female alligators lay about 40 eggs that hatch in 60 - 70 days
The nickname for a Japanese businessmen is "Salarymen."
Emus cannot walk backwards
The external tank on space shuttles is not painted. It is the only part of the shuttle that is lost after launch, so it is not necessary to worry about metal corrosion.
The most popular Twizzler candy flavour is strawberry
Thirty percent of all bingo players are under the age of 35
Infants spend more time dreaming than adults do
The famous Casanova (Giacomo Casanova) was a librarian for many years before he died
The only species of turtle that lives in the open ocean is the sea turtle
Toronto was the first city in the world with a computerized traffic signal system
Seniors who drink a cup of coffee before a memory test score higher than those who drink a cup of decaffeinated coffee
Some octopuses have been known to eat their arms off when they are exposed to stressful situations
On average, 749 pounds of paper products is used by an American individual annually
The skeleton of a spider is located on the outside of the body. The name for this is exoskelton
Incas used to create pots in the shape of peanuts that were highly prized
Over 200 varieties of watermelons are grown in the U.S
The most dangerous job in the United States is that of a fisherman, followed by logging and then an airline pilot
The words "abstemioius," and "facetious" both have all the five vowels in them in order
French soldiers during World War I had the nickname "poilu" which translates to "hairy one."
Former U.S. President William Taft converted the White House stable into a four car garage in 1909
People living on the east coast prefer creamy peanut butter, while people living on the west coast prefer chunky peanut butter
Some snails live on branches in trees
Tomato ketchup is a good conditioner for the hair. It also helps get the greenish tinge that some blonde haired people get after swimming in water with chlorine in it
Soldiers disease is a term for morphine addiction. The Civil War produced over 400,000 morphine addicts
The longest chapter in the Bible is Psalm 119, which is 176 verses
During the First World War, cigarettes were handed out to soldiers along with their rations
The longest freshwater shoreline in the world is located in the state of Michigan
There are bananas called "Red banana" that are maroon to dark purple when ripe
Franklin Pierce was the first U.S. President to have a Christmas tree in the White House
Walt Disney had originally suggested using the name Mortimer Mouse instead of Mickey Mouse
The length of brink of the Canadian "Horseshoe" Falls located in Niagara Falls, Ontario, Canada is 2600 feet
The smile is the most frequently used facial expression. A smile can use anywhere from a pair of 5 to 53 facial muscles
The right lung of a human is larger than the left one. This is because of the space and placement of the heart
Native Americans used to use pumpkin seeds for medicine
Corals take a long time to grow. Some corals only grow one centimeter in one year
Walmart-mart sells more apparel a year than all the other competing department stores combined
Canada has more inland waters and lakes than any other country in the world
Ramses II, a pharaoh of Egypt died in 1225 B.C. At the time of his death, he had fathered 96 sons and 60 daughters
Since its introduction in February 1935, more than two hundred million Monopoly board games have been sold worldwide
Women are twice as likely to be diagnosed with depression than men in the United States
The smallest man ever was Gul Mohammed (1957-1997) of India, who measured 1 feet, 10? inches
500,000 tons of dog excrement are dumped annually on the streets of Paris
In Belgium, there is a museum just for strawberries
The Simpsons is the longest running prime-time animated series on television history
The more a person struggles to get out of quicksand the faster they will sink. Staying still, and being calm will actually make the body float in the quicksand because the body is less dense than the quicksand is
On average, a Canadian girl owns seven Barbie dolls, whereas an American girl owns eight
A piece of French toast that was partially eaten by Justin Timberlake sold on eBay
Atari had to bury millions of unsold "E.T." game cartridges in a New Mexico desert landfill in 1982
The biggest disco ball in the world has a diameter of 2.41 meters and 137.89 kilograms. It also has 6,900 mirror squares on it
An average city dog lives approximately three years longer than an average country dog
On average, falling asleep while driving results in 550 accidents per day in the United States
Scatologists are experts who study feces. (aka. crap, dung, dookie, dumps, feces, excrement, etc.)
Pumpkins contain potassium and vitamin A
The greatest mountain range is the Mid-Ocean Ridge, extending 64,374 km from the Arctic Ocean to the Atlantic Ocean
Pepsi got its name from the ingredient pepsin, which is said to aid in digestion, however, it is not known
The spray WD-40 got its name because there were forty attempts needed before the creation of the "water displacing" substance
Contrary to popular beliefs, chocolate does not cause acne
Detroit, Michigan has more registered bowlers than any other city in the USA
The fastest moving land snake is the Black Mamba, which can move up to 7 miles per hour
Annually Americans eat 45 million turkeys at Thanksgiving
Rabbits can live up to ten years
The average life span of a single red blood cell is 120 days
Over 250 million Slinky toys have been sold since its debut in 1946
In 1961, Italian artist Piero Manzoni packed his feces in cans, signed and mounted them, and then sold them as art
The last thing Elvis Presley ate before he died was four scoops of ice cream and 6 chocolate chip cookies
Some Chinese chopsticks contain gold as on of their materials
The chances of making two holes-in-one in a round of golf are one in 67 million
The watch was invented by Peter Henlein of Nuremberg in 1510.
In North America there are approximately 618 roller coasters
The concept of Boxing Day, which is on December 26th, was to give boxes of food and clothing to the poor. It is now viewed in some countries as a time to get merchandise from stores at reduced prices
Crayola is a French word that means "Oily chalk."
Every year, Burger King restaurants prepare over 950,000 pounds of bacon for their breakfast customers
Isaac Newton used to be a member of parliament
Dumbest Dog: Afghan hound
At just four years old Mozart was able to learn a piece of music in half an hour
It would take twenty new mid-size cars to generate the same amount of pollution that a mid-size 1960's car did.
The honey badger can withstand hundreds of bee stings that would otherwise kill another animal
There are 500,000 detectable earthquakes in the world each year
Black pepper is the most popular spice in the world
In Greece, the climate is so warm that many of the cinemas do not even have roofs
The word "moose" comes from the native Algonquian Indian word meaning "twig eater."
An armadillo can walk under water
There are over one hundred billion galaxies with each galaxy having billions of stars
The Uape Indians, who live in the Amazon, mix the ashes of their recently cremated relatives with alcohol, then all members of the family drink the mix with fond memories of the deceased
The word "diamond" comes from the Greek word "adamas," which means "unconquerable."
On average, a typical dairy cow lies down and stands up about 14 times a day
For the movie "Tootsie" actor Dustin Hoffman thought of the title. His mother used to call him that as a child
The world record for rocking non-stop in a rocking chair is 480 hours held by Dennis Easterling, of Atlanta, Georgia
The Sears Tower consists of nine framed tubes, which connects nine skyscrapers as one building
The first subway system in America was built in Boston, Massachusetts in 1897
There are approximately 45 billion fat cells in an average adult
To make one pound of butter, 29 cups of milk are needed
In the summer of 1858, the smell of the sewage in the Thames River in London was so bad that the Members of Parliament had to leave from the chamber of the House of Commons. This was a result of two million people dumping all their sewage into the river
One out of five people that eat ice cream binge on ice cream in the middle of the night. The person is usually between 18 - 24 years old
The Basenji dog is the only dog that is not able to bark
There is a dog museum in St. Louis, Missouri
There is a city called Smackover located in Arkansas
The labels for Crayola crayons come in 18 different colors
The temperature of milk when it leaves the body of a cow is 101 degrees Fahrenheit. The milk is then quickly chilled and stored at a temperature of 40 degrees Fahrenheit
In Spain, it is common to pour chocolate milk or cafe au lait on cereal for breakfast
Over 50% of the wedding in the U.S. occur in the afternoon
Before the fur trade had started in Canada, it was estimated that there were over 6 million beavers
Eating dandelions can make you urinate more
Enough paper is recycled in the USA every day, that a 15 mile long train of boxcars could be filled up with paper.
The palms of your hands and the soles of your feet cannot tan, or grow hair
At the White House, president John Adams was said to be the first to display fireworks there
About 10% of the 100,000 thunderstorms that occur in the USA every year are classified as severe.
Sylvia Plath was a famous poet who killed herself at age thirty-one by sticking her head into a gas oven
A baseball will go farther in hot temperature than in cold temperature
A rabbit is not able to vomit
The aorta, which is largest artery located in the body, is about the diameter of a garden hose
Niagara Falls actually stopped flowing back in 1848 for about 20 hours because there was ice that was blocking the Niagara River
The world's first underground was the London Underground in1863. It has 275 stations and 253 miles of track.
The first American president to deliver a speech over the radio was Warren G. Harding
There are more than 40 million Americans that have "chronic halitosis," which is bad breath that never goes away
The human body makes anywhere from 1 to 3 pints of saliva every 24 hours
Cheetahs are the fastest land animal and can reach speeds up to 72mph
The purpose of tonsils is to destroy foreign substances that are swallowed or breathed in
The country with the highest consumption of candy at 29.5 pounds annually per person is Denmark
One of the most dangerous insect in the world is the common housefly. They carry and transmit more diseases than any other animal in the world
Every day, over 1,300 babies are born prematurely in the USA
The sun is approximately 149 million kilometres from the earth
The Great White Shark can grow to be more than twenty feet long and can weigh approximately 4,000 pounds
In 1832, in Paisley, Scotland the first municipal water filtration works was opened
The only popcorn museum in the world is lcoated in Marion, Ohio, USA
Any animal that has skin hair or fur can get dandruff, but in animals it is called "dander."
The average ice berg weighs 20,000,000 tons
In 1819, the USA purchased Florida from Spain for the cancellation of a $5 million debt
In a lifetime, the average driver will honk 15,250 times
Jewelers Tiffany & Co., based in New York, are responsible for making the Super Bowl trophy
Skippy Peanut Butter is sold more in the world than any other peanut butter
The highest bridge in the world is located in the Himalyan mountains. It was built by the Indian Army, in 1982, and is about 5,600 metres above sea level
In 1893, the first mosque in the United States was built
Actress Meryl Streep holds the record for the most Oscar nominated actress, with a record of 13 nominations
In a year approximately 900 million trees are cut down to make the raw materials needed for American pulp mills and paper
Enamel is hardest substance in the human body
A leech has 32 brains
Thomas Edison designed a helicopter that would work with gunpowder. It ended up blowing up and also blew up his factory.
In the late 1800's, washing machines and butter churners were sometimes powered by dogs walking on treadmills.
In China, people eat a bar of chocolate for every 1,000 chocolate bars eaten by the British
Namco, who are the manufacturers of Pac Man the video game, has estimated that the original arcade game has been played over 10 billion times by individuals
In Ivrea, Italy, thousands of citizens celebrate the beginning of Lent by throwing oranges at one another
The sloth moves so slowly that green algae grows in the grooves of their hair
In the world, the United States and France have the most pet dogs. Approximately one out of every three families has a pet dog. Switzerland and Germany are the lowest only having one dog per every ten families
There are 50% more males that are left handed compared to females
Armadillos breed in July, but get pregnant in November after delaying implantation. This allows the young to be born during the spring when there is an abundance of food
Carbon monoxide can kill a person in less than 15 minutes
The Nobel Peace prize was first awarded in 1901 to Jean Henry Dunant, who was the founder of the Swiss Red Cross
In August 1999, Lori Lynn Lomeli set a record by spinning 82 Hula Hoops at the same time for three full revolutions
The wheelbarrow was invented by the Chinese.
The colour blue has a calming effect. It causes the brain to release calming hormones
Over 20 million BluBlocker sunglasses have been sold since its debut in 1986. They now come in over 100 different styles
Crabs have very small hairs on their claws and other parts of their body to help detect water currents and vibrations
In 1962, the first Wal-Mart opened up in Rogers, Arkansas
Duracell, the battery-maker, built parts of its new international headquarters using materials from its own waste
Vampire bat saliva has been responsible for many advances in research into stroke recovery
During the making of the the movie "Fight Club," actor Brad Pitt chipped his tooth. However, he did not get his tooth capped until after the movie was done filming as he thought it would look better chipped for his character
A common drink for Tibetans is Butter Tea which is made out of butter, salt, and brick tea
Bourbon was first made by a Baptist minsister from Bourbon County in Kentucky in 1789. That is where it got its name
The Pentagon, in Arlington, Virginia, has twice as many bathrooms as is necessary. When it was built in the 1940s, the state of Virginia still had segregation laws requiring separate toilet facilities for blacks and whites
McDonald restaurants serve food and drink to an amazing 43 million customers on a daily basis
The game Monopoly was once very popular in Cuba; however, Fidel Castro ordered that all games be destroyed
Nearly half of all Americans suffer from symptoms of burnout
During the era of Louis XIV, women used lemons to redden their lips
70% of the poor people in the world are female
The thickness of the Arctic ice sheet is on average 10 feet. There are some areas that are thick as 65 feet
The adult human body requires about 88 pounds of oxygen daily
The biggest pumpkin the world weighs 1,337.6 pounds
The highest consumption of Pizza occurs during Super Bowl week
Approximately 55% of movies released are Rated R
The Roman emperor Domitian took great pleasure in being secluded in his room for hours and catching flies and stabbing them with pens
Tarantulas can live up to 30 years
On average redheads have 90,000 hairs. People with black hair have about 110,000 hairs
More than half the time spent in United States courts is cases that involve automobiles
One barrel of petroleum holds 42 gallons
The smoke that is produced by a fire kills more people than a burn does because of carbon monoxide and other dangerous gases
The Saguaro Cactus, found in South-western United States does not grow branches until it is 75 years old.
In Belgium, 172,000 tons of chocolate are produced in a year
The word Nike comes from Greek Mythology. Nike is the goddess of victory and was often depicted as a small winged figure whom the goddess Athene carried
The biggest bug in the world is the Goliath Beetle which can weigh up to 3.5 ounces and be 4.5 inches long
Leaving the water running while brushing your teeth can waste four gallons of water in a minute
Steve Fletcher holds the record for the largest gum wrapper collection. His collection has 5300 gum wrappers from all across the world
There was once a country called Prussia. After World War II, it was divided among Poland, Germany, and the USSR
The word Spain means "the land of rabbits."
In 1936, the first practical helicopter was invented. It was the German Focke-Wulf Fw 61.
The word tulip comes from the Turkish word for turban
Psychokinesis refers to the ability of moving objects through psychic power
In Britain, one out of every four potatoes is eaten in the form of french fries
The movie "Chicken Run" made in 2,000 had the most plasticine used in an animated movie. They used 2,380 kg of plasticine for the movie
During WWII, because a lot of players were called to duty, the Pittsburgh Steelers and Philadelphia Eagles combined to become The Steagles
The titan arum flower is the largest flower in the world and gives off a horrible odor that smells like rotting flesh when it blooms
Every day, the average person swallows about a quart of snot
When the only queen ant dies, so does the entire colony, because no new workers are born
The Dutch people are known to be the tallest people in Europe
The average American kid will eat approximately 1.500 peanut butter sandwiches by high school graduation
Goats do not have upper front teeth
It has been suggested that shepherds are responsible for inventing the game golf. It is said that they used to use their staffs to hit the stones
There are about 6,800 languages in the world
Studies have shown that by putting on slow background music it can make a person eat food at a slower rate
By walking an extra 20 minutes every day, an average person will burn off seven pounds of body fat in an year
Ironically, when doctors in Los Angeles, California went on strike in 1976, the daily number of deaths in the city dropped 18%
Octopus and squid are thought to be the most intelligent of all invertebrates
On average, a beaver can cut down two hundred trees a year.
The name of the first menthol cigarette in the United States was "Spud."
A world record 328 pound ovarian cyst was removed from a woman in Galveston, Texas, in 1905. updated
The fastest shark is the "Shortfin Mako," which can swim as fast as sixty miles per hour
The flatulation from domesticated cows produce about 30% of the methane on this planet
Ironically, watermelons, which are 92% water, originated from the Kalahari Desert in Africa
The first tattoo machine was invented by Samuel O'Reilly. He did this by using equipment that Thomas Edison used to engrave hard surfaces.
In a lifetime, an average human produces 10,000 gallons of saliva
Chili Powder was invented in the 19th century in the American Southwest
The sea cucumber spills its internal organs out as a defense mechanism
Approximately 25,000 workers died during the building of the Panama Canal and approximately 20,000 of them contracted malaria and yellow fever
Braces were first invented by Pierre Fauchard in 1728. The braces were made by a flat strip of metal, which was connected to the teeth by thread.
There is a town in Texas called Ding Dong. In 1990, the population was only twenty-two people
The total volume of mail that went through the Canadian postal system in 1950 was 1,362,310,155 items
The highest toll paid by a ship to cross the Panama Canal was by the Crown Princess on May 2, 1993 in the amount of $141,349.97 U.S. funds
The name of the famous snack "Twinkies" was invented by seeing a billboard in St. Louis, that said "Twinkle Toe Shoes."
The word "Nazi" is actually an abbreviation for Nationalsozialistische Deutsche Arbeiterpartei, which refers to the National Socialist German Workers Party
The unique characteristics of Barbie dolls in Japan are that they have their lips closed with no teeth showing
The Coca Cola company offers more than 300 different beverages
Neptune was the first planet in our solar system to be discovered by mathematics
Camel is considered unclean meat in the Bible
Soldier Field is the oldest field in the NFL
In the U.S., over one million gallons of cosmetics, drinks, and lotions are sold that contain aloe in them per year
Eating eight strawberries will provide you with more Vitamin C than an orange
Mosquitoes have teeth
To be born on Sunday was considered a sign of great sin during the Puritan times
The citrus soda "7 UP" was created in 1929. The original name of the popular drink was "Bib-Label Lithiated Lemon-Lime Soda", but it got changed to "7 UP."
The average four year-old child asks over four hundred questions a day
Prosopagnosia refers to the inability to identify people by their faces. In severe cased prosopagnosia a person may not be able to identify themselves in a mirror
On November 29, 2000, Pope John Paul II was named an "Honorary Harlem Globetrotter."
An adult sheep can eat between 1 to 4 kg of food per day
In 1888, Hollywood was founded by Harvey and Daeida Wilcox, who named the city after their summer home in Chicago
Blood is such a good stain that Native Americans used it for paint
In 1876, the first microphone was invented by Emile Berliner.
On average, a person will spend about five years eating during their lifetime
Each king in a deck of playing cards represents a great king from history. Spades - King David, Clubs - Alexander the Great, Hearts - Charlemagne, Diamonds - Julius Caesar
Many cancer patients that are treated with chemotherapy lose their hair. For some when the hair grows back, it can grow back a different colour, or be curly or straight
A volcano has enough power to shoot ash as high as 50 km into the atmosphere
The longest hiccups on record was by an American pig farmer whose hiccups persisted from 1922 to 1987
Coupons were introduced in 1894 when Asa Candler bought the Coca-Cola formula for $2,300 and gave people coupons that he had written out to receive a free glass of coke
Panthers are known as black leopards, as they are the same species of leopard. If looked at closely, black spots can be seen on a panther
Approximately 25% of all scald burns to children are from hot tap water and is associated with more deaths than with any other liquid
In London, during rush hour traffic moves on average at 13 kilometres an hour
Tomatoes and cucumbers are fruits
In the United States, approximately 50 million people fish per year
Cattle can produce up to 180 litres of saliva in one day
Dolphins hear by having sound waves transmit through their skull to their inner ear region
Teflon was accidently discovered by scientist Dr. Roy Plunkett while he was conducting a coolant gas experiment in 1938
The risk of cardiovascular disease is twice as high in women that snore regularly compared to women who do not snore. updated
Close to 80% of people who watch the Super Bowl on television, only do so to view the commercials
The first theatre to show motion pictures was the Nickelodeon on June 19, 1905 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. It was opened by Harry Davis on Smithfield Street
The White House has a movie theater, swimming pool, bowling lane, jogging track, and a tennis court
About two hundred years before the birth of Christ, the Druids used mistletoe to celebrate that winter was approaching
In the game of Monopoly, the most landed on properties are B&O Railroad, Illinois Avenue, and "Go."
Lions cannot roar until they reach the age of two.
A baby kangaroo is called a joey
Montreal is the second largest French speaking city after Paris
There were 43,687 toilet related accidents in the United States in 1996
In Albania, nodding your head means "no" and shaking your head means "yes."
Ringo Starr appeared in a Japanese advertisement for apple sauce. Ironically his name means "apple sauce" in Japanese
The average US worker toils for two hours and 47 minutes of each working day just to pay income tax. Indeed, the average American pays more in taxes than for food, clothing and shelter put together
There is cyanide in apple pips
True spiders always have organs for spinning silk known as spinnerets
Great Britain has the highest consumption of ice cream than any other European nation
The movie "Cleopatra" cost $44 million to make in 1963. The same movie would now cost $300 million to make taking inflation into account
A species of dolphin is born naturally blind in the Indus and Ganges rivers in South Asia. These dolphins have a highly sophisticated sonar system and swim on only one side of their body
Kermit the Frog was named after Kermit Scott, a childhood friend of creator Jim Henson, who became a professor of philosophy at Purdue University
Aztec emperor Montezuma had a nephew, Cuitlahac, whose name meant "plenty of excrement."
Hang On Sloopy is the official rock song of Ohio.
Play-Doh was introduced in 1956 by Hasbro Inc. The only color availabe was an off white, and it came in one size which a one and a half pound can
The USSR launched the world's first artificial satellite, Sputnik 1, in 1957.
An oyster can change its gender
From all the states, Montana has the most different species of animals
The actual smallest sovereign entity in the world is the Sovereign Military Order of Malta (S.M.O.M.). It is located in the city of Rome, Italy, has an area of two tennis courts, and as of 2001 has a population of 80, 20 less people than the Vatican. It is a sovereign entity under international law, just as the Vatican is
Queen Elizabeth I always wore a necklace with a little perfume bottle attached everywhere she went
A group of people that are hired to clap at a performance are called a claque
The tallest tree recorded is located in Humboldt Redwoods State Park, California. It is a coast redwood and has been measured at 117 metres high
Anti-American demonstrators protesting in Bangladesh after the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks carried posters of Osama bin Laden sitting alongside Bert, a beloved Sesame Street Muppet character
Polar bear livers contain so much Vitamin A that it can be fatal if eaten by a human
Leather skin does not have any smell. The leather smell that you sense is actually derived from the materials used in the tanning process
Finland is also known as "the land of of the thousand lakes," because of the over 188,000 lakes found in this country
In an year, an average American kid eats 46 slices of pizza
In Las Vegas, casinos do not have any clocks
Bubble gum contains rubber
When Kleenex was first introduced to the market in 1924, it was marketed as a make up or cold cream remover
In the year 1900, for a women to be a telephone operator she had to be between the ages of 17 and 26 and not be married
The first spacecraft to visit the planet Venus was Mariner 2 in 1962.
Babies that are exposed to cats and dogs in their first year of life have a lower chance of developing allergies when they grow older
Urophobia is the fear of urine or urinating
In 1949, forecasting the relentless march of science, Popular Mechanics said "Computers in the future may weigh no more than 1.5 tons."
Water that is safe to drink is referred to as POTABLE
Actor John Ritter was the voice of Clifford, from "Clifford The Big Red Dog."
Chocolate accounts for less than two percent of the fat in the American diet
The band Duran Duran got their name from an astronaut in the 1968 Jane Fonda movie "Barbarella."
The accent that Mike Myers used for the character Shrek came from the accent that his mother would use when she was telling him bedtime stories when he was a child
In the Netherlands, there are special traffic lanes for bicycles. There are approximately 17,000 kms of cycle lanes with special bicycle traffic lights.
It was believed by Ancient Hindus that the world was a sphere and rested on the back of four elephants, which stood on a turtle
Alexander the Great and Julius Caesar were both epileptic
Every year, more than one million miles of Twizzlers licorice is made
A penguin swims at a speed of approximately 15 miles per hour
The word Thailand means "land of the free."
A rose imprint that was fossilized in a slate was discovered in Florisant, Colorado, which is said to be thirty-five million years old
U.S. bills are 2.61 inches wide, 6.14 inches long, and are .0043 inches thick and weigh 1 gram
The highest mountain in the Western Hemisphere is Mount Aconcagua in Argentina. It rises 22,834 feet above sea level
The Barn Owls hearing is so highly developed that they can hunt for their prey in total darkness
The average number of bridesmaids at a wedding is four
In 1876, Maria Spelterina was the first woman to ever cross Niagara Falls on a high wire
On April 6, 1925, the first in-flight movie was shown. It was a silent film and appeared on a Deutsche Luft Hansa flight
The temperature of lightning bolts is sometimes hotter than the surface of the sun.
When Burger King introduced the Whopper Sandwich in 1957, it cost only thirty-seven cents
Chopsticks originated from China approximately 4,000 years ago
The favorite honeymoon place is Hawaii
The 1960 Summer Olympics were the first Olympics to be aired on television by CBS
The Canadian holiday Boxing Day got its name from the custom of giving. Servants were given boxes which had money hidden inside them from their employers. The servants would have to break the box into pieces to get the money
In proportion, if Jupiter were a basketball, then the sun would be the size of the Louisiana Super Dome
The Toronto Maple Leafs used to be called the Toronto Arenas, then the St. Patricks and finally the Maple Leafs
Next to Warsaw, Chicago has the largest Polish population in the world
In 1391, China began producing toliet paper for use by its Emperors
In the United States, the most frequent month for a tornado to occur is in May.
There are some ice creams that are 75% air
In the United States, lightning hits the ground 40 million times a year.
A mother hen turns her egg approximately 50 times in a day. This is so the yolk does not stick to the shell
The reason why flamingos are pink is because they eat shrimp which have a red pigment
Totally Hair Barbie is the best selling Barbie of all time. It sold over ten million units
Jellyfish have been on Earth for over 650 million years. This is before sharks and dinosaurs
Although white wine can be produced from both red and white grapes, red wine can only be created from red grapes
Shirley Temple was considered to play the role of Dorothy in "The Wizard of Oz."
One million cloud droplets are needed to make enough water to produce one raindrop.
In the world, the Netherlands has the highest concentration of museums in the world. Just in Amsterdam alone there are 42 museums
Amongst pre-schoolers, Caillou is the fastest-ever-growing television show and is seen in close to 97% of U.S. households
Rice flour was used to strengthen some of the bricks that make up the Great Wall of China
Research has indicated that a tie that is on too tight can increase the risk of glaucoma in men
Each year all of the Hostess bakeries combined bake 500 million Twinkies a year. (A twinkie is a sponge cake with a creamy filling.)
Charlie Chaplin once lost a contest for a Charlie Chaplin look a like
Pluto is the only planet in our solar system that has not been visited by a spacecraft
The worlds tallest free fall rollercoaster is The Giant Drop located in Australia. The drops is 120 meters which is equivalent to a 39 storey building
Stalks of sugar cane can reach up to 30 feet
The markings that are found on dice are called "pips."
Joseph Gayetty is credited for inventing toilet paper in 1857. Unfortunately, his invention failed and did not catch on until ten years later
A newly hatched fish is called a "fry."
The music band UB40 got its name from an unemployment form in England
The Olympic Flame was introduced in 1928 in Amsterdam
The YKK on the zipper of your Levis stands for Yoshida Kogyo Kabushibibaisha, the worlds largest zipper manufacturer
Armadillos can be housebroken
The material to build the Taj Mahal was brought in from various parts of India by a fleet of 1000 elephants
Medical research has found substances in mistletoe that can slow down tumor growth
In the USA, 32% of employees eat lunch and work at the same time
In Alabama, it is against the law to wear a fake mustache that could cause laughter in the church
In the United States, more than 4.2 million couples live together that are not married
Bill Gates house was partially designed using a Macintosh computer. new
The male howler monkey of Central and South America is the noisiest land animal, which can be heard clearly from a distance of ten miles away
Nerve cells can travel as fast as 120 metres per second
It is said that grapefruit got its name because it grows like grapes in clusters. One cluster can have up to 25 grapefruits
Abdul Kassam Ismael, Grand Vizier of Persia in the tenth century, carried his library with him wherever he went. Four hundred camels carried the 117,000 volumes
An average adult produces about half a litre of flatulent gas per day, resulting in an average of about fourteen occurrences of flatulence a day
Maine is the toothpick capital of the world
Peanut butter is an effective way to to remove chewing gum from hair or clothes
The longest kiss on record lasted 30 hours and 45 minutes. Dror Orpaz and Carmit Tsubara recorded it on April 5, 1999 at a kissing contest held in Tel Aviv, Israel
The most expensive perfume in the world is Parfum VI, which was made by Arthur Burnham. A 4 inch bottle which is covered with diamonds and 24-carat gold costs $71,380
If Wal-Mart was classified as a country, it would be the 24th most productive country in the world
Cimeti?re du P?re Lachaise located in Paris is the most visited cemetery in the world. The cemetery opened in 1805 and has over one million people buried there, including rock star Jim Morrison
In Australia, a dust-devil is called a "willy-willy
The Leaning Tower of Pisa is 58.36 metres above the ground
Americans write approximately 50 billion checks a year making it the second most frequent payment method used after cash
The name "Snickers" for the popular candy bar was named after a horse that the Mars family owned
The #1 peanut producing state is Georgia
Keeping Warm With an Axe, is the title of a real how-to book. Click Here For More Details
An artificial Christmas tree last up to six years in a home
Women are four times more likely to have foot problems than men
In 1783, the hot air balloon was invented in France.
There was an army general during the Liberia Civil War who used to lead his army into battle naked. His nickname was "General Butt Naked." Joshua Milton Blahyi (his real name) is now an evangelical preacher in Monrovia
There are no two zebras who have stripes that are exactly the same
The Angel Falls in Venezuela were named after an American pilot, Jimmy Angel, whose plane got stuck on top of the mountain while searching for gold
Lake Ontario was originally named Lake St. Louis
Actor John Travolta was offered the role of Billy Flynn many times for the movie "Chicago." Richard Gere ended up playing the role
The Canadian province of New Brunswick had a bloodless war with the US state of Maine in 1839
There are more than 2,400 flea species in the world
Ninety-nine percent of pumpkins sold in the United States are for the sole purpose of decoration
David McConnell started the California Perfume Company (CPC) in 1886. Today the company is known as Avon, which he named after his favorite playwright William Shakespeare, and Stratford on Avon
Americans did not commonly use forks until after the Civil War
Chicago has the largest cookie factory, where Nabisco made over 4.6 billion "Oreo" cookies in 1997
There was a post office on the Russian space station Mir. Visiting cosmonauts would use unique postal "markers" to stamp envelopes and other items as having flown aboard the Mir space station
In one day, 230 marriage licenses are issued in Las Vegas
Every second there are 418 Kit Kat fingers eaten in the world
The Great Comet of 1843 had a tail that was over 300 kilometres long.
The dumbest dog in the world is the Afghan Hounds
There are no blossoms on the branches of a fig tree, instead it is inside the fruit
The largest chicken egg ever laid weighed a pound and had a double yolk and shell
Billiards used to be so popular at one time that cigarette cards were issued featuring players
Chewing gum has rubber as an ingredient
An orca whale can hold its breath for up to 15 minutes
Alexander the Great was an epileptic
Wood frogs can be frozen solid and then thawed, and continue living. They use the glucose in their body to protect their vital organs while they are in a frozen state
Canadians eat more Kraft Dinner (Macaroni and Cheese) per capita than any other country in the world
In a day, a mature oak tree can draw approximately 50 gallons of water
The reason why bubble gum is pink is because the inventor only had pink colouring left. Ever since then, the colour of bubble gum has been predominantly pink
Emilio Marco Palma was the first person born in Antarctica in 1978
A top freestyle swimmer achieves a speed of only 4 miles per hour. Fish, in contrast, have been clocked at 68 mph
Every single hamster in the United States today comes from a single litter captured in Syria in 1930
Research on pigs led to the development of CAT scans.
The Hundred Years War lasted for 116 years
Some dolphins can swim up to 40 kilometers an hour
In the last 30 years, only seven people have been killed by a polar bear in Canada
The longest U.S. highway is Route 20, which is over 3,365 miles
The largest LEGO castle that was ever built was built with 400,000 LEGO bricks and was 4.45 m x 5.22 m
In the U.S. there are approximately 65.8 million cats
One of the steepest main streets in Canada is located in Saint John, New Brunswick. Over a distance of two blocks the street rises about 80 feet
Avery Laser Labels are named after company founder R. Stanton Avery
On September 9, 1950 dubbed laughter was used for the first time on television. It was used for the sitcom "The Hank McCune Show."
A violin actually contains 70 separate pieces of wood
The human heart can create enough pressure that it could squirt blood at a distance of thirty feet
One out of four American households own a cat
Queen Lydia Liliuokalani was the last reigning monarch of the Hawaiian Islands. She was also the only Queen the United States ever had
Every day 2,700 people die of heart disease
There are 10 million bacteria at the place where you rest your hands at a desk
The quills of a porcupine are soft when they are born
An average American child watches approximately 28 hours of television in one week
The A.A. Milne character of Winnie the Pooh made his animated film debut in 1966 in Winnie the Pooh and the Honey Tree
People have the tendency to chew the food on the side that they most often use their hand
Antarctica is the only land on our planet that is not owned by any country
The Lemon shark grows about 24,000 new teeth a year. A new set of teeth grow approximately every 14 days
One billion seconds is about 32 years
An average American eats approximately 60 hot dogs per year
The water displacement product, WD-40, can be found in 80% of American homes
Dexter is the smallest type of cow. This cow was bred to be a small size for household living
As part of the original design, the names of 72 French scientists and other famous people is imprinted on the sides of the Eiffel tower
Thirty to 40 gallons of sugar maple sap must be boiled down to make just one gallon of maple syrup
A seven year old boy was the first person to survive the Horeshoe Falls (Niagara Falls) in just a life jacket
The longest punt return for a touchdown was 103 yards
The most popular Hot Wheels vehicle sold is the Corvette
The slowest growing finger nail is on the thumb nail and the fastest growing is the finger nail on the middle finger
Flu shots only work about 70% of the time
People of Salt Lake City eat the most lime-flavoured gelatin Jell-O in the United States
In a survey conducted in 2000 by Kimberly-Clark, it was found that men prefer to fold their toilet paper, and women like to wad it
On average, a person has two million sweat glands
France, Switzerland, United Kingdom, Greece, and Australia have always been in the modern Olympics since it began in 1896
The longer white infants from low-income families are breast-fed, the less likely they will be overweight as young children, researchers said on Monday
The Boston University Bridge (on Commonwealth Avenue, Boston, Massachusetts) is one of the few places in the world where a boat can sail under a train driving under a car driving under an airplane
The most popular treat for Halloween trick-or-treaters are candy bars with Snickers being the most popular
Corned beef got its name because this beef was preserved with pellets of salt that were the size of corn kernels, which was also referred to as "corns" of salt
In 1908, the first machine to make lollipops opened for business in New Haven, Connecticut
In 1976, a Los Angeles secretary named Jannene Swift officially married a fifty pound rock. More than twenty people witnessed the ceremony
The most diners per capita in the world are located in the U.S. state New Jersey
In Denmark, people eat about 36 pounds of candy a year. The highest consumption of candy of any country
John Van Wormer invented paper milk cartons after dropping a bottle of milk one morning. The bottle broke spilling the milk everywhere. That annoyance was enough for Van Wormer to come up with the idea.
The long fibres that are found in bananas are excellent in making paper. The long fibres that are found in the banana plant can make the banana fibre paper approximately 3000 times stronger than regular paper
The state of Tennessee was known as Franklin before 1796
Over 90% of poison exposures occur in homes
Honolulu, Hawaii boasts the only royal palace in the United States of America
Seven asteroids were especially named for the Challenger astronauts who were killed in the 1986 failed launch of the space shuttle
Americans consumed more than twenty billion hot dogs in 2000
The production of toilet paper in China began in 1391, which was used for the Emperors
The reason firehouses have circular stairways is from the days of yorewhen the engines were pulled by horses. The horses were stabled on theground floor and figured out how to walk up straight staircases.
It would take approximately twenty-four trees that are on average six to eight inches in diameter to produce one ton of newsprint for the Sunday edition of the New York Times
Every year, kids in North America spend close to half a billion dollars on chewing gum
The tuatara lizard of New Zealand has three eyes, two in the center of its head and one on the top of its head
The world population of chickens is about equal to the number of people
The largest number of children born to one woman, who was a Russian peasant is 69
In a lifetime, an average driver will release approximately 912 pints of wind inside a car
The loss of eyelashes is referred to as madarosis
Approximately 75% of human poop is made of water
The popular chocolate bar "Three Musketeers" got its name because when it was first introduced in 1932 there were three individual bars. The flavours were strawberry, chocolate, and vanilla
Every photograph of the first American atomic bomb detonation was taken by Harold Edgerton
Heinz Catsup leaving the bottle travels at 25 miles per year
In 1864, A Quebec farmer found a frog inside a hailstone
Actor Sylvester Stallone once had a job as a lion cage cleaner
The first time there was an instance where they had a separate toilet for women and men was in 1739 at a ball in Paris
In the marriage ceremony of the Ancient Inca Indians of Peru, the couple was considered officially wed when they took off their sandals and handed them to each other
Some birds have been know to put ants into their feathers because the ants squirt formic acid, which kills parasites
On average, 42,000 balls are used and 650 matches are played at the annual Wimbledon tennis tournament
The WD in WD-40 stands for Water Displacer
Lachanophobia is the fear of vegetables
Lake Baikal, in Siberia, is the deepest lake in the world
In the Middle Ages, peacocks and swans were sometimes served at Christmas dinners
India has the most post offices in the world
Women take three times longer than men when using the toilet
In America, approximately 25% of kids aged 6-14 have a magaznie subscription
Canada has more donut shops per capita than the United States
In 1886, Coca-cola was first served at a pharmacy in Atlanta, Georgia for only five cents a glass. A pharmacist named John Pemberton created the formula for Coca-cola
75% of all raisins eaten by people in the United States are eaten at breakfast
Whale oil was used in some car transmissions until 1973
Flamingos are able to fly at a speed of approximately 55 kilometers an hour. In one night they can travel about 600 km
1 out of every 4 kids in the USA is overweight
"Kemo Sabe" means "soggy shrub" in Navajo
In 1903, there were originally only eight Crayola crayons in a box and they sold for five cents
Men are able to read fine print better than women can
On average, 150 couples get married in Las Vegas each day
Spiders usually have eight eyes, but still they cannot see that well
One ragweed plant can release as many as a million grains of pollen in one day
The Central African raffia palm is known to have the longest leaves. The leaves can measure up to 82.5 feet long.
Due to the shortages of lead and metals during World War II, toothpaste was packaged in plastic tubes and have been ever since
It is estimated that 93% of American children will go out trick or treating for Halloween
In humans, the epidermal layer of skin, which consists of many layers of skin regenerates every 27 days
A group of crows is called a murder
Ellen Macarthur, yachtswoman, had a total of 891 naps in 94 days that were each 36 minutes long while on her Vendee Round the Globe yacht race
Davao City, located at the Southern state of Philippines, is the largest city in the world in terms of area
Castaways Travel, a Houston-area travel agency, offers an all-nude flight to Cancun Mexico. Once the plane reaches cruising altitude, you are allowed to take off all your clothes and roam about the cabin
People generally read 25% slower from a computer screen compared to paper
Certain female species of spiders such as the Australian crab spider, sacrifice their bodies as a food source for their offspring
One grape vine produce can produce about 20 to 30 glasses of wine
The TV show "Saturday Night Live" made its debut on October 11, 1975
In a pack of Skittles candy, there is an equal 20% distribution of each flavour
The Hubble telescope is so powerful that it is like pointing a beam of light at a dime that is two hundred miles away.
The word "umbrella" is derived from the Latin root word "umbra", which means shade or shadow
An ear of corn consists of 80% water
Leonardo Da Vinci never signed or dated his most famous painting, the Mona Lisa
Every day, over five billion gallons of water are flushed down toilets in the United States
In one trip, a honey bee visits about 75 flowers
Barney, the famous dinosaur that entertains kids is from Dallas
Jupiter is the fastest rotating planet, which can complete one revolution in less than ten hours
A chicken loses its feathers when it becomes stressed
Sharks are immune to cancer
Manicuring the nails has been done by people for more than 4,000 years
Approximately 1 billion stamps are produced in Australia annually
The study of the iris of the eye is called iridology
The word Cotton originates from the Arabic word "Qutun."
In 1946, the New York Yankees became the first baseball team to travel by plane
Mummy powder was once thought to be a cure for all remedies. English men used to carry the powder with them in a tiny bag wherever they went
By recycling just one glass bottle, the amount of energy that is being saved is enough to light a 100 watt bulb for four hours
Slinkys were invented by an airplane mechanic; he was playing with engine parts and realized the possible secondary use of one of the springs
The most popular brand of raisins is Sunmaid
Estuarine crocodiles are the biggest of all 26 species of the crocodilian family
Alaska got its name from the Aluet word "Alyeska" which means "The Great Land."
The Mall of America, located in Bloomington, Minnesota is so big that it can hold 24,336 school buses
Every second, 630 steel cans are recycled
The word witch comes from the word "wicca" which translates to the "wise one."
In the United States, poisoning is the fourth leading cause of death among children
Surveys indicate that the number one reason people play BINGO is for leisure
In 1916, Charlie Chaplin was making $10,000 a week, making him the highest paid actor of his time
Annually, an Australian eats 15 kg of bananas, which comes out to 27 meters of bananas
The largest stamp was issued by China and measured 210 x 65 mm
The best selling Crayola crayon box is the set of 24 crayons
People that smoke have 10 times as many wrinkles as a person that does not smoke
The name of the character that is behind bars in the Monopoly board game is Jake the Jailbird
In Colorado, there are about 83,000 dairy cows
Just by recycling one aluminum can, enough energy would be saved to have a TV run for three hours.
The first telephone call from the White House was from Rutherford Hayes to Alexander Graham Bell
A glockenspiel is a musical instrument that is like a xylophone. It has a series of metal bars and is played with two hammers
Diamonds were first discovered in the riverbeds of the Golconda region of India over 4,000 years ago.
French artist, Michel Vienkot, uses cow dung as paint when he creates his pictures
There are 122 pebbles per square inch on a Spalding basketball
The seventeenth president of the United States, Andrew Johnson did not know how to read until he was 17 years old
Bhutan issued a stamp in 1973 that looked like a record and actually would play the Bhutanese national anthem if placed on a record player
Asparagus comes in three colors: green, white and purple
Only two people signed the Declaration of Independence on July 4th, JohnHancock and Charles Thomson. Most of the rest signed on August 2, butthe last signature wasn't added until 5 years later.
A cubic yard of air weighs about 2 pounds at sea level.
Pancakes are served for breakfast, lunch and dinner in Australia
A lion feeds once every three to four days
Chedder cheese is the best selling cheese in the USA
In the movie "The Matrix Reloaded" a 17 minute battle scene cost over $40 million to produce
According to research, Los Angeles highways are so congested that the average commuter sits in traffic for 82 hours a year
Over one million Pet Rocks were sold in 1975, makine Gary Dahl, of Los Gatos, California, a millionaire. He got the idea while joking with friends about his pet that was easy to take care of, which was a rock
The game Monopoly has been played by approximately 500 million people in the world, and the game is available in 26 languages
The dragonfly has not changed over the last 300 million years
In 1983, a Japanese artist, Tadahiko Ogawa, made a copy of the Mona Lisa completely out of ordinary toast
Cotton crops can be sprayed up to 40 times a year making it the most chemical-intensive crop in the world
The "Star Spangled Banner" did not become a national anthem until 1931. It was designated by an Act of Congress
Every year in the U.S., there are 178,000 new cases of lung cancer
On average, the American household consumes six pounds of peanut butter annually
A housefly can only ingest liquid material. They regurgitate their food to liquify the food that they are going to eat
Bugs Bunny was originally called "Happy Rabbit."
In 1685, New France used playing cards as currency because of the shortage of coins
Sharks have upper and lower eyelids, but they do not blink
The size of a red blood cell is 708 microns. This is equivalent to one millionth of a meter
In 1657, the first chocolate house was opened in London, England. The cost of chocolate was about 13 shillings per pound and was a drink that only the elite enjoyed
In the movie "Gandhi" 300,000 extras appeared in the funeral scene. Of the 300,000, approximately 100,000 received a small fee, and the other 200,000 did it for free
O.J. Simpson had a severe case of rickets and wore leg braces when he was a child
The majority of cats do not have any eyelashes
The hottest chili in the world is the Tezpur chili pepper
Over half the textile fibers that are used in the world are cotton
You can send a postcard from Hell. There is a small town located in the Cayman Islands called "Hell." They even have a post office
The property (ID, Facts) VALUES on the Monopoly game board are the same today as they were in 1935
The song "Happy Birthday" brings in about $2 million in licensing revenue to Warner Communications who hold the copyright to the song
Ed Cox from San Francisco invented the pot scrubbing S.O.S. pads in 1917. His wife came up with the name, which stands for "Save Our Saucepans."
Another word for hiccups is "singultus."
Better wine can be produced by the soil being of poor quality. This is because the vines have to "work" harder
A white tiger can only be born when both parents carry the gene for white colouring
Lipogram refers to writing that does not have certain letter or letters
In October 1986, Pepsi paid close to $840 million to Nabisco for the Kentucky Fried Chicken empire
Edinburgh has more booksellers per head of population than any other city in Britain
The most common rock on Earth is basalt
The papaya tree is known as "the medicinal tree" in some cultures because it?s seeds and leaves have been used as ingredients in different medicines
In one gram of soil, about ten million bacteria live in it
When Alexander Graham Bell invented the telephone back in 1876, only six phones were sold in the first month.
Americans eat approximately 20 pounds of pasta per person each year
Minnows have teeth located on a bone in their throat
Japan uses the most energy per year than any other country.
Over 436,000 U.S. Troops were exposed to depleted uranium during the first Gulf war
Approximately two gallons of water are used to brush your teeth
Two-thirds of Canadians live in Quebec and Ontario
The first television show to show any portion of a toilet was on "Leave it to Beaver." After fighting for ten weeks to show the toilet, CBS would only allow the producers to show the toilet tank, and not the whole toilet
German immigrant, Louis Prang was the first to bring Christmas cards to America
In total, Americans eat more than 45 billion sandwiches each year, while sales of custom-made sandwiches are rising 15 percent per year
Ninety percent of the population has an innie belly button
The fear of Halloween is called Samhainophobia
In France, the Big Dipper is called the "casserole."
The first African-American to receive a Nobel Peace Prize was Ralph J. Bunche in 1950
Dolphins can swim and sleep at the same time
Of all the golfers in Canada, 71.4% golfers are male, 28.6% are female
Research indicates that babies who suck on pacifiers are more prone to ear aches
In 1917, Margaret Sanger was jailed for one month for establishing the first birth control clinic
Iguanas can recognize their human handlers and greet them differently, compared with strangers
Being lactose intolerant can cause chronic flatulence
Some of the titles that were considered for the hit T.V. show "Friends" were Six Of One, Across the Hall, and Insomnia Cafe
The only bone fully grown at birth is located in the ear
The incidents of immune system diseases has increased over 200% in the last five years
"dous":tremendous, horrendous, stupendous, and hazardous
Bananas contain a natural chemical which can make a person happy. This same chemical is found in Prozac
The only desert in Canada is located in Osoyoos, British Columbia
The city of Seoul has been the capital city of Korea for more than 600 years
Romans used to believe that walnuts could cure head ailments during the Renaissance, since their shape was similar to that of a brain
There are coffee flavored PEZ
Half of the 42 U.S. Presidents are of Irish descent
The General Lee cars used in the popular show The Dukes of Hazards were 1969 Dodge Chargers
The word "limelight" that is used in theatre to refer to the performers on the stage originated because before electricity was available lime was burned in a lamp, which created a white light that was directed at the performers
In Kentucky, it is illegal to carry ice cream in your back pocket
In 1988, the largest ice cream sundae in history was made. It was made in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada, and weighed in at over 24 tons
Sports Illustrated has the largest sports magazine circulation
There are some hospitals in Shanghai that have issued a rule that a nurse must wear lipstick while on duty
Thirteen percent of the human population reside in deserts
There are more chickens than people in the world
In 1958, the Crayola crayon color "Prussian Blue" was changed to "Midnight Blue" by the request of teachers as kids could not relate to Prussian history
Americans on average use about 580 pounds of paper per year per person
Wild turkeys can run at speeds of up to 25 miles per hour
Annually, fires that occur at home kill more Americans than all natural disasters combined
The only sound Seahorses make is a small clicking or popping sound during feeding or courtship
The Baltimore Orioles opened the 1988 baseball season by losing the first 21 games and 107 altogether for the entire season
Border collies are the most intelligent breed of dog
Coca-Cola used to contain cocaine when it was initially introduced
All the Krispy Kreme donut stores collectively could make a doughnut stack as high as the Empire State Building in only 2 minutes
Pepsi originally contained pepsin, (the same stuff in pepcid AC) thus the name
The first letter Vanna White ever turned on the game show Wheel of Fortune was the letter "T."
Harley Proctor got the idea to name the soap "Ivory" while he was listening to a bible reading at a church in 1879
The average American drinks 400 glasses of milk in a year
Canada beat Denmark 47-0 at the 1949 world hockey championships.
Each Jelly Belly jelly belly bean has 4 calories
Kissing can aid in reducing tooth decay. This is because the extra saliva helps in keeping the mouth clean
There is a place called Hell, Michigan. It is about 50 miles from Detroit, Michigan
In 1929, the Coca-Cola slogan was "The Pause That Refreshes."
Bamboo plants can grow up to 36 inches in a day.
Since the United Nations was founded in 1945, there have been 140 wars
Goat meat contains up to 45 percent less saturated fat than chicken meat
Chef Boyardee is actually a real person. His real name is Hector Boiardi and he was born in northern Italy in 1898
Bill Bowerman, the co-founder of the shoe company Nike, got his first shoe idea after staring at a waffle iron. This gave him the idea of using squared spikes to make the shoes lighter
In 1989, the space shuttle Discovery carried 32 fertilized chicken eggs into orbit
The most recycled product in the world is the automobile.
Before the 17th century, carrots used to be the colour purple
William Taft who was the U.S. president between 1909-1913 once got stuck in the White House bathtub
If all the Oreo cookies ever sold were stacked on top of one another, they would be as high as 13.3 million Sears Towers
Ancient Egyptians kissed with their noses instead of with their lips
Krispy Kreme make five million doughnut a day
There were no red colored M&Ms from 1976 to 1987
There are over 600 different pasta shapes
Some people start to sneeze if they are exposed to sunlight or have a light shined into their eye
In 1989, twenty-three people were hired in Jacksonville Florida just to flush toilets so the pipes would not freeze
Lake Baikal is the oldest freshwater lake on Earth, having formed between 20 and 25 million years ago
From 1939 to 1942, there was a undersea post office in the Bahamas
Atlantic salmon can jump as high as 4.5 meters out of the water
Although the outsides of a bone are hard, they are generally light and soft inside. They are about 75% water
Each nostril of a human being register smell in a different way. Smells that are made from the right nostril are more pleasant than the left. However, smells can be detected more accurately when made by the left nostril
Children who are breast fed tend to have an IQ seven points higher than children who are not
There are no ants in Iceland, Antarctica and Greenland
In the United States, approximately 135 million cars travel every day on the streets, roads, and interstates.
A salmon with two mouths, two sets of teeth and two tongues was caught by Bob Bateman of Canada
There is a "cemetery town" in California named Colma. Concerns about the public health, crime, and the need for space forced the city of San Francisco to outlaw burials in 1902. The city of Colma, which is five miles south of San Francisco, was established to bury the dead. The ratio of dead to living people is 750 to 1
The most reproduced image in the world is Mickey Mouse, which can be found on over 7,500 different items
On average a person passes gas 14 times a day
Vasaloppet, which is located in Sweden is the oldest, longest, and the biggest cross-country ski race in the world. Every year, 14,000 people compete in the race
The clown fish has the ability to change its sex. If a breeding female dies, the male fish will change its sex and mate with another male
Bats sleep during the day and feed at night. The place that bats sleep in is called the "roost."
The puma and the leopard are the highest jumping mammals. They are able to reach a height of 16.5 feet
The chances of getting a cavity is higher if candy is eaten slowly throughout the day compared to eating it all at once and then brushing your teeth
On average, a car driver will swear or blashpheme 32,025 times in their lifetime while driving
The average ear grows 0.01 inches in length every year
The first penny candy to be wrapped in America was the Tootsie Roll in 1896
Male owls weigh less and are smaller than female owls
Hypnotism is banned by public schools in San Diego
The city of Las Vegas has the most hotel rooms in the world
Cows drink anywhere from 25-50 gallons of water each day
In the United Kingdom, three million people play bingo every year
Every square inch of the human body has about 19,000,000 skin cells
In 1994, 7-Eleven coined the term "brain freeze." The word was developed to explain the feeling people get when drinking a Slurpee.
A swordfish can live as long as 25 years and weigh up to 1,200 pounds
Due to eating habits in the USA, one in three children born in the year 2000 have a chance of getting type II diabetes
Each honeycomb in Honeycomb cereal has seven holes
The Nile river is 6,690 kilometers long
By law, information collected in a U.S. census must remain confidential for seventy-two years
Eighty percent of 10 year old girls in the USA go on a diet
97% of all paper money in the US contains traces of cocaine
The name "Grey Poupon" used for mustard comes from two people: Maurice Grey and Auguste Poupon. Grey was the inventor of a machine that mass produced fine textured mustard, and Poupon was an already established maker of mustard. In 1886 the Grey-Poupon firm was formed
The Faberge, "Winter Egg" was sold in 1994 for $5.6 million. This is the most expensive decorative egg that has ever been sold
The name "Tonka" trucks was named after Lake Minnetonka located in Minnesota. Tonka means "great" in Sioux
Turkeys have a wingspan of approximately 4.5 feet
The first music video ever played on MTV Europe was by Dire Straits, "Money For Nothing."
Arnold Palmer was the first player to win $1 million on the PGA Tour
Three years after a person quits smoking, there chance of having a heart attack is the same as someone who has never smoked before
In a year, the average Americans eats approximately 18 pounds of Turkey
The household wrench was invented by boxing heavyweight champion Jack Johnson in 1922
Squids move through the ocean using a jet of water forced out of the body by a siphon
Back in 1796, dimes were called dismes
Pilgrims did not eat with forks. They only used spoons, knives and their fingers
The average human has about 20 square feet of skin weighing about 6 pounds
Mass murderer Charles Manson recorded an album titled "Lie."
On average, each American consumes approximately two hundred and sixty pounds of meat in a year
The term "The Big Apple" was coined by touring jazz musicians of the 1930s who used the slang expression "apple" for any town or city. Therefore, to play New York City is to play the big time - The Big Apple
The United States has paved enough roads to circle the Earth over 150 times.
Decaffeinated coffee is not 100% caffeine free. When coffee is being decaffeinated, 2% of the caffeine still remains in it
Sales of antacids increase by as much as 20% the day after the Superbowl
Automobile building is the largest manufacturing industry in the world.
Polar bears can eat as much as ten percent of their body weight in less than one hour
Marlboro was the first cigarette company to market a cigarette that had a red filter called "beauty tip." This was done to hide the lipstick marks left on the filter from women smokers
In Japan, the number four is considered to be unlucky because the Japanese word for four sounds very similar to the word death
The life expectancy of a $100 bill is nine years
The words moron, imbecile, and idiot are not interchangable. The one with the highest level of intelligence is a moron, followed, by an imbecile, and then idiot
Anise is the scent on the artificial rabbit that is used in greyhound races
The first known American novelist to hand in a manuscript that was typed was Mark Twain. His typewriter was a Remington No.1, which was invented by Christopher Sholes and Carlos Glidden.
The city of Nottingham in England was the first city to have Braille signs (signs for the blind) in its shopping malls for the blind
The only woman that has appeared on a U.S. paper currency is Martha Washington
The name of the Taco Bell dog is Gidget
Each year approximately half of billions dollars is spent on bubble gum by the kids in North America
The number one cause of blindness in adults in the United States is diabetes
A drink used to be made by the Aztecs for the gods which had the ingredients of ground cocoa mixed in with spices and corn
In America, the most common mental illness is Anxiety Disorders
The stage were the television sitcom "Friends" is shot on is said to be haunted
Gases that build up in your large intestine cause flatulence. It usually takes about 30 to 45 minutes for these gases to pass through your system
The largest earthworm on record was found in South Africa and measured 22 feet
Whooping cranes are born with blue eyes that change to bright gold by the time they six months old
Belize is the only country in the world with a jaguar preserve
Tomatos were once referred to as "love apples." This is because their was a superstition that people would fall in love by eating them
The American Kestrel hawk weighs only four ounces
A 27 year old heir to a sausage empire was handed a ticket for 116,000 pounds for driving at 80 km/hr in a 40 km/hr zone. This is because the speeding tickets in Finland are based on how much money a person makes
In China, pancakes are generally served as side dishes. They are stuffed with meat, bean sprouts, and other vegetables
93% of all greeting cards are purchased by women
Paper money is not made from wood pulp but from cotton. This means that it will not disintegrate as fast if it is put in the laundry
The most deadly fires that occur in the home happen between 6pm and 10pm
There are over 200 parts in a typical telephone
There is an automobile model called Stutz Bearcat.
If you were standing on Mercury, the Sun would appear 2.5 times larger than it appears from Earth
The water inside of a coconut is identical to human blood plasma. Many lives in third world countries have been saved from coconut water fed through an IV
The least likely day to eat out in the United States is Monday
Little Miss Muffet was a girl from the 16th century whose name was really Patience
In 1978, the World Water Speed record was made by Ken Warby from Australia. His average speed was 317.6 mph, and his jet-powered hydroplane was 27 feet long called "Spirit of Australia." Warby built the boat himself in his back yard
Chameleons can move their eyes independently. One eye can be looking forward and one eye backward at the same time
Over 90% of diseases are caused or complicated by stress
In 1953, racecar driver Tim Flock raced at Nascar with a monkey in the seat beside him
Taipan snakes have 50 times more toxic than a cobra snake
Influenza caused over twenty-one million deaths in 1918
English sailors were referred to as "limeys" because sailors added lime juice to their diet to combat scurvy
Ukrainian people celebrate Christmas on January 7th, which is the Orthodox Christmas Day
Gorillas are considered apes, not monkeys. The way to distinguish between an ape and a monkey is that apes do not have tails
Early Romans used to use porcupine quills as toothpicks
The longest human beard on record is 17.5 feet, held by Hans N. Langseth who was born in Norway in 1846
Honey is used sometimes for antifreeze mixtures and in the center of golf balls
The size of a raindrop is around 0.5 mm - 2.5 mm, and they fall from the sky on average 21 feet per second.
In the United States, the first cookbook was published in 1796 and it contained a recipes for watermelon rind pickles
The word "walkman" was included in the Oxford English Dictionary in 1986
A headache and inflammatory pain can be reduced by eating 20 tart cherries
There is an area located off the south-eastern Atlantic coast of the United States called the "Bermuda Triangle." It is known for a high rate of unexplained losses of ships, small boats, and aircraft, which has led some people to believe that this triangle has supernatural powers
State with the highest percentage of people who walk to work: Alaska
Some toothpastes and deodorants contain the same chemicals found in antifreeze
The Shroud of Turin is the single most studied artifact in human history
Smartest dogs: 1) Scottish border collie; 2) Poodle; 3) Golden retriever
Humpback whales are capable of living up to 95 years
The 1912, a wrestling match in Stockholm between Finn Alfred Asikainen and Russian Martin Klein lasted more than 11 hours. Klein eventually won, but was to tired to participate in the championship match
Manitoulin Island is the largest island in a fresh water lake. It is located in Canadian Lake Superior
The Chinese politician Mao Zedong refused to ever brush his teeth and instead just washed his mouth with tea
The Super Bowl is broadcast to over 182 countries in the world
In 1884, Dr. Hervey D. Thatcher invented the milk bottle.
Some Ribbon worm will eat themselves if they cannot find food. This type of worm can still survive after eating up to 95% of its body weight
Singer Chaka Khan came out with a line of chocolates called "Chakalates."
In a day 34,000 children die every day from causes that are related to poverty and hunger
The speed of light is generally rounded down to 186,000 miles per second. In exact terms it is 299,792,458 m/s.
October 12th, 1999 was declared "The Day of Six Billion" based on United Nations projections.
10 percent of all human beings ever born are alive at this very moment.
The Earth spins at 1,000 mph but it travels through space at an incredible 67,000 mph.
Every year over one million earthquakes shake the Earth.
When Krakatoa erupted in 1883, its force was so great it could be heard 4,800 kilometres away in Australia.
The largest ever hailstone weighed over 1kg and fell in Bangladesh in 1986.
Every second around 100 lightning bolts strike the Earth.
Every year lightning kills 1000 people.
In October 1999 an Iceberg the size of London broke free from the Antarctic ice shelf .
If you could drive your car straight up you would arrive in space in just over an hour.
Human tapeworms can grow up to 22.9m.
The Earth is 4.56 billion years old...the same age as the Moon and the Sun.
The dinosaurs became extinct before the Rockies or the Alps were formed.
Female black widow spiders eat their males after mating.
When a flea jumps, the rate of acceleration is 20 times that of the space shuttle during launch.
If our Sun were just inch in diameter, the nearest star would be 445 miles away.
The Australian billygoat plum contains 100 times more vitamin C than an orange.
Astronauts cannot belch  there is no gravity to separate liquid from gas in their stomachs.
The air at the summit of Mount Everest, 29,029 feet is only a third as thick as the air at sea level.
One million, million, million, million, millionth of a second after the Big Bang the Universe was the size of a ...pea.
DNA was first discovered in 1869 by Swiss Friedrich Mieschler.
The molecular structure of DNA was first determined by Watson and Crick in 1953.
The first synthetic human chromosome was constructed by US scientists in 1997.
The thermometer was invented in 1607 by Galileo.
Englishman Roger Bacon invented the magnifying glass in 1250.
Alfred Nobel invented dynamite in 1866.
Wilhelm Rontgen won the first Nobel Prize for physics for discovering X-rays in 1895.
The tallest tree ever was an Australian eucalyptus  In 1872 it was measured at 435 feet tall.
Christian Barnard performed the first heart transplant in 1967  the patient lived for 18 days.
An electric eel can produce a shock of up to 650 volts.
'Wireless' communications took a giant leap forward in 1962 with the launch of Telstar, the first satellite capable of relaying telephone and satellite TV signals.
The earliest wine makers lived in Egypt around 2300 BC.
The Ebola virus kills 4 out of every 5 humans it infects.
In 5 billion years the Sun will run out of fuel and turn into a Red Giant.
Giraffes often sleep for only 20 minutes in any 24 hours. They may sleep up to 2 hours (in spurts  not all at once), but this is rare. They never lie down.
Humans have 46 chromosomes, peas have 14 and crayfish have 200.
An individual blood cell takes about 60 seconds to make a complete circuit of the body.
Utopia ia a large, smooth lying area of Mars.
On the day that Alexander Graham Bell was buried the entire US telephone system was shut down for 1 minute in tribute.
The low frequency call of the humpback whale is the loudest noise made by a living creature.
The call of the humpback whale is louder than Concorde and can be heard from 500 miles away.
A quarter of the world's plants are threatened with extinction by the year 2010.
Each person sheds 40lbs of skin in his or her lifetime.
At 15 inches the eyes of giant squids are the largest on the planet.
The largest galexies contain a million, million stars.
The Universe contains over 100 billion galaxies.
Wounds infested with maggots heal quickly and without spread of gangrene or other infection.
More germs are transferred shaking hands than kissing.
The longest glacier in Antarctica, the Almbert glacier, is 250 miles long and 40 miles wide.
The fastest speed a falling raindrop can hit you is 18mph.
A healthy person has 6,000 million, million, million haemoglobin molecules.
A salmon-rich, low cholesterol diet means that Inuits rarely suffer from heart disease.
Inbreeding causes 3 out of every 10 Dalmation dogs to suffer from hearing disability.
The world's smallest winged insect, the Tanzanian parasitic wasp, is smaller than the eye of a housefly.
If the Sun were the size of a beach ball then Jupiter would be the size of a golf ball and the Earth would be as small as a pea.
It would take over an hour for a heavy object to sink 6.7 miles down to the deepest part of the ocean.
There are more living organisms on the skin of each human than there are humans on the surface of the earth.
The grey whale migrates 12,500 miles from the Artic to Mexico and back every year.
Each rubber molecule is made of 65,000 individual atoms.
Around a million, billion neutrinos from the Sun will pass through your body while you read this sentence...and now they are already past the Moon.
Quasars emit more energy than 100 giant galaxies.
Quasars are the most distant objects in the Universe.
The saturn V rocket which carried man to the Moon develops power equivalent to fifty 747 jumbo jets.
Koalas sleep an average of 22 hours a day, two hours more than the sloth.
Light would take .13 seconds to travel around the Earth.
Neutron stars are so dense that a teaspoonful would weigh more than all the people on Earth.
One in every 2000 babies is born with a tooth.
Every hour the Universe expands by a billion miles in all directions.
Somewhere in the flicker of a badly tuned TV set is the background radiation from the Big Bang.
Even travelling at the speed of light it would take 2 million years to reach the nearest large galaxy, Andromeda.
The temperature in Antarctica plummets as low as -35 degrees celsius.
At over 2000 kilometres long The Great Barrier Reef is the largest living structure on Earth.
A thimbleful of a neutron star would weigh over 100 million tons.
The risk of being struck by a falling meteorite for a human is one occurence every 9,300 years.
The driest inhabited place in the world is Aswan, Egypt where the annual average rainfall is .02 inches.
The deepest part of any ocean in the world is the Mariana trench in the Pacific with a depth of 35,797 feet.
The largest meteorite craters in the world are in Sudbury, Ontario, canada and in Vredefort, South Africa.
The largest desert in the world, the Sahara, is 3,500,000 square miles.
The largest dinosaur ever discovered was Seismosaurus who was over 100 feet long and weighed up to 80 tonnes.
The African Elephant gestates for 22 months.
The short-nosed Bandicoot has a gestation period of only 12 days.
The mortality rate if bitten by a Black Mamba snake is over 95%.
In the 14th century the Black Death killed 75,000,000 people. It was carried by fleas on the black rat.
A dog's sense of smell is 1,000 times more sensitive than a humans.
A typical hurricane produces the nergy equivalent to 8,000 one megaton bombs.
90% of those who die from hurricanes die from drowning.
To escape the Earth's gravity a rocket need to travel at 7 miles a second.
If every star in the Milky Way was a grain of salt they would fill an Olympic sized swimming pool.
Microbial life can survive on the cooling rods of a nuclear reactor.
Micro-organisms have been brought back to life after being frozen in perma-frost for three million years.
Our oldest radio broadcasts of the 1930s have already travelled past 100,000 stars.
If you have 3 quarters, 4 dimes, and 4 pennies, you have $1.19. You also have the largest amount of money in coins without being able to make change for a dollar.
The numbers '172' can be found on the back of the U.S. $5 dollar bill in the bushes at the base of the Lincoln Memorial.
President Kennedy was the fastest random speaker in the world with upwards of 350 words per minute.
Odontophobia is the fear of teeth.
In the early days of the telephone, operators would pick up a call and use the phrase, "Well, are you there?". It wasn't until 1895 that someone suggested answering the phone with the phrase "number please?"
The surface area of an average-sized brick is 79 cm squared.
Cats sleep 16 to 18 hours per day.
It is believed that Shakespeare was 46 around the time that the King James Version of the Bible was written. In Psalms 46, the 46th word from the first word is shake and the 46th word from the last word is spear.
Karoke means "empty orchestra" in Japanese.
The Eisenhower interstate system requires that one mile in every five must be straight. These straight sections are usable as airstrips in times of war or other emergencies.
Rhode Island is the smallest state with the longest name. The official name, used on all state documents, is "Rhode Island and Providence Plantations."
When you die your hair still grows for a couple of months.
The newspaper serving Frostbite Falls, Minnesota, the home of Rocky and Bullwinkle, is the Picayune Intellegence.
It would take 11 Empire State Buildings, stacked one on top of the other, to measure the Gulf of Mexico at its deepest point.
The first person selected as the Time Magazine Man of the Year - Charles Lindbergh in 1927.
The most money ever paid for a cow in an auction was $1.3 million.
It took Leo Tolstoy six years to write "War & Peace".
The Neanderthal's brain was bigger than yours is.
On the new hundred dollar bill the time on the clock tower of Independence Hall is 4:10.
Each of the suits on a deck of cards represents the four major pillars of the economy in the middle ages: heart represented the Church, spades represented the military, clubs represented agriculture, and diamonds represented the merchant class.
The names of the two stone lions in front of the New York Public Library are Patience and Fortitude. They were named by then-mayor Fiorello LaGuardia.
The Main Library at Indiana University sinks over an inch every year because when it was built, engineers failed to take into account the weight of all the books that would occupy the building.
Lucy and Linus (who where brother and sister) had another little brother named Rerun. (He sometimes played left-field on Charlie Brown's baseball team, [when he could find it!]).
1 in 5,000 north Atlantic lobsters are born bright blue.
Henry Ford produced the model T only in black because the black paint available at the time was the fastest to dry.
Mario, of Super Mario Bros. fame, appeared in the 1981 arcade game, Donkey Kong. His original name was Jumpman, but was changed to Mario to honor the Nintendo of America's landlord, Mario Segali.
Women are 37% more likely to go to a psychiatrist than men are.
Diet Coke was only invented in 1982.
There are more than 1,700 references to gems and precious stones in the King James translation of the Bible.
When snakes are born with two heads, they fight each other for food.
American car horns beep in the tone of F.
Turning a clock's hands counterclockwise while setting it is not necessarily harmful. It is only damaging when the timepiece contains a chiming mechanism.
There are twice as many kangaroos in Australia as there are people. The kangaroo population is estimated at about 40 million.
Police dogs are trained to react to commands in a foreign language; commonly German but more recently Hungarian.
St. Stephen is the patron saint of bricklayers.
The average person makes about 1,140 telephone calls each year.
Stressed is Desserts spelled backwards.
If you had enough water to fill one million goldfish bowls, you could fill an entire stadium.
Mary Stuart became Queen of Scotland when she was only six days old.
Charlie Brown's father was a barber.
Flying from London to New York by Concord, due to the time zones crossed, you can arrive 2 hours before you leave.
Dentists have recommended that a toothbrush be kept at least 6 feet (2 m) away from a toilet to avoid airborne particles resulting from the flush.
You burn more calories sleeping than you do watching TV.
The largest number of children born to one woman is recorded at 69. From 1725-1765, a Russian peasant woman gave birth to 16 sets of twins, 7 sets of triplets, and 4 sets of quadruplets.
Beatrix Potter created the first of her legendary "Peter Rabbit" children's stories in 1902.
In ancient Rome, it was considered a sign of leadership to be born with a crooked nose.
The word "nerd" was first coined by Dr. Seuss in "If I Ran the Zoo."
A 41-gun salute is the traditional salute to a royal birth in Great Britain.
The bagpipe was originally made from the whole skin of a dead sheep.
The roar that we hear when we place a seashell next to our ear is not the ocean, but rather the sound of blood surging through the veins in the ear. Any cup-shaped object placed over the ear produces the same effect.
Revolvers cannot be silenced because of all the noisy gasses which escape the cylinder gap at the rear of the barrel.
Liberace Museum has a mirror-plated Rolls Royce; jewel-encrusted capes, and the largest rhinestone in the world, weighing 59 pounds and almost a foot in diameter.
A car that shifts manually gets 2 miles more per gallon of gas than a car with automatic shift.
Cats can hear ultrasound.
The United States has never lost a war in which mules were used.
Paul Revere rode on a horse that belonged to Deacon Larkin.
Minus 40 degrees Celsius is exactly the same as minus 40 degrees Fahrenheit.
Clans of long ago that wanted to get rid of unwanted people without killing them used to burn their houses down -- hence the expression "to get fired"
Nobody knows who built the Taj Mahal. The names of the architects, masons, and designers that have come down to us have all proved to be latter-day inventions, and there is no evidence to indicate who the real creators were.
Every human spent about half an hour as a single cell.
7.5 million toothpicks can be created from a cord of wood.
The earliest recorded case of a man giving up smoking was on April 5, 1679, when Johan Katsu, Sheriff of Turku, Finland, wrote in his diary "I quit smoking tobacco." He died one month later.
"Goodbye" came from "God bye" which came from "God be with you."
February is Black History Month.
Jane Barbie was the woman who did the voice recordings for the Bell System.
The first drive-in service station in the United States was opened by Gulf Oil Company - on December 1, 1913, in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
The elephant is the only animal with 4 knees.
Kansas state law requires pedestrians crossing the highways at night to wear tail lights.
If you yelled for 8 years, 7 months and 6 days, you would have produced enough sound energy to heat one cup of coffee.
Dogs have four toes on their hind feet, and five on their front feet.
A male emperor moth can smell a female emperor moth up to 7 miles away.
Ten percent of the Russian government's income comes from the sale of vodka.
The number of possible ways of playing the first four moves per side in a game of chess is 318,979,564,000.
The sentence "The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog." uses every letter in the alphabet. (Developed by Western Union to Test telex/two communications)
111,111,111 x 111,111,111 = 12,345,678,987,654,321
If you spell out consecutive numbers, you have to go up to one thousand until you would find the letter "a"
If you put a raisin in a glass of champagne, it will keep floating to the top and sinking to the bottom.
If NASA sent birds into space they would soon die; they need gravity to swallow.
Emus and kangaroos cannot walk backwards, and are on the Australian coat of arms for that reason.
Certain frogs can be frozen solid, then thawed, and survive.
Einstein couldn't speak fluently when he was nine. His parents thought he might be retarded.
In the TV series I Love Lucy, Ricki Ricardo never actually said "Lucy you have some 'splaining to do"
The first couple to be shown in bed together on prime time television were Fred and Wilma Flintstone.
Mel Blanc (the voice of Bugs Bunny) was allergic to carrots.
Percentage of Africa that is wilderness: 28% Percentage of North America that is wilderness: 38%
Cost of raising a medium-sized dog to the age of 11: 4000
A Saudi Arabian woman can get a divorce if her husband doesn't give her coffee.
If you sneeze too hard, you can fracture a rib.
If you try to suppress a sneeze, you can rupture a blood vessel in your head or neck and die.
If you keep your eyes open by force when you sneeze, you might pop an eyeball out.
The cigarette lighter was invented before the match.
In the course of an average lifetime you will, while sleeping, eat 70 assorted insects and 10 spiders.
Over 75% of people who read this will try to lick their elbow.
A crocodile can't move its tongue and cannot chew. Its digestive juices are so strong that it can digest a steel nail.
A person can live without food for about a month, but only about a week without water.
If the amount of water in your body is reduced by just 1%, you'll feel thirsty.
If it's reduced by 10%, you'll die.
Ethernet is a registered trademark of Xerox, Unix is a registered trademark of AT&T.
Bill Gates' first business was Traff-O-Data, a company that created machines which recorded the number of cars passing a given point on a road.
Uranus' orbital axis is tilted at 90 degrees.
Outside the USA, Ireland is the largest software producing country in the world.
The first fossilized specimen of Australopithecus afarenisis was named Lucy after the paleontologists' favorite song "Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds," by the Beatles.
Figlet, an ASCII font converter program, stands for Frank, Ian and Glenn's LETters.
Every year about 98% of atoms in your body are replaced.
Hot water is heavier than cold.
Plutonium  first weighed on August 20th, 1942, by University of Chicago scientists Glenn Seaborg and his colleagues  was the first man-made element.
If you went out into space, you would explode before you suffocated because there's no air pressure.
The radioactive substance, Americanium  241 is used in many smoke detectors.
Sound travels 15 times faster through steel than through the air.
On average, half of all false teeth have some form of radioactivity.
Only one satellite has been ever been destroyed by a meteor: the European Space Agency's Olympus in 1993.
A chip of silicon a quarter-inch square has the capacity of the original 1949 ENIAC computer, which occupied a city block.
At a jet plane's speed of 1,000 km (620mi) per hour, the length of the plane becomes one atom shorter than its original length.
Western Electric successfully brought sound to motion pictures and introduced systems of mobile communications which culminated in the cellular telephone.
On December 23, 1947, Bell Telephone Laboratories in Murray Hill, N.J., held a secret demonstration of the transistor which marked the foundation of modern electronics.
Ostriches are often not taken seriously. They can run faster than horses, and the males can roar like lions.
Seals used for their fur get extremely sick when taken aboard ships.
Sloths take two weeks to digest their food.
Guinea pigs and rabbits can't sweat.
According to the Wall Street Journal, the cockfighting market is huge: The Philippines has five million roosters used for exactly that.
The porpoise is second to man as the most intelligent animal on the planet.
Young beavers stay with their parents for the first two years of their lives before going out on their own.
Skunks can accurately spray their smelly fluid as far as ten feet.
Deer can't eat hay.
Gopher snakes in Arizona are not poisonous, but when frightened they may hiss and shake their tails like rattlesnakes.
On average, dogs have better eyesight than humans, although not as colorful.
The duckbill platypus can store as many as six hundred worms in the pouches of its cheeks.
The lifespan of a squirrel is about nine years.
North American oysters do not make pearls of any value.
Human birth control pills work on gorillas.
Gorillas sleep as much as fourteen hours per day.
A biological reserve has been made for golden toads because they are so rare.
There are more than fifty different kinds of kangaroos.
Jellyfish like salt water. A rainy season often reduces the jellyfish population by putting more fresh water into normally salty waters where they live.
The female lion does ninety percent of the hunting.
A group of twelve or more cows is called a flink.
You can tell the sex of a horse by its teeth. Most males have 40, females have 36.
Money isn't made out of paper; it's made out of cotton.
Susan Lucci is the daughter of Phyllis Diller.
Every person has a unique tongue print as well as fingerprints.
Orcas (killer whales) kill sharks by torpedoing up into the shark's stomach from underneath, causing the shark to explode.
Astronauts are not allowed to eat beans before they go into space because passing wind in a space suit damages them.
The word "queue" is the only word in the English language that is still pronounced the same way when the last four letters are removed.
It's against the law to have a pet dog in Iceland.
Horatio Nelson, one of England's most illustrious admirals was throughout his life, never able to find a cure for his sea-sickness.
Honey is the only food that does not spoil. Honey found in the tombs of Egyptian pharaohs has been tasted by archaeologists and found edible.
Dolphins sleep with one eye open!
Queen Elizabeth I regarded herself as a paragon of cleanliness. She declared that she bathed once every three months, whether she needed it or not
The catfish has over 27,000 taste buds.
There are more chickens than people in the world (at least before that chicken-flu thing).
All 50 states are listed across the top of the Lincoln Memorial on the back of the $5 bill.
There are only four words in the English language which end in "dous": tremendous, horrendous, stupendous, and hazardous.
When the University of Nebraska Cornhuskers play football at home, the stadium becomes the state's third largest city.
Michael Jordan makes more money from NIKE annually than all of the Nike factory workers in Malaysia combined.
The slogan on New Hampshire license plates is "Live Free or Die." These license plates are manufactured by prisoners in the state prison in Concord.
Hydrogen gas is the least dense substance in the world, at 0.08988g/cc. Hydrogen solid is the most dense substance in the world, at 70.6g/cc.
The longest place name still in use is: Taumatawhakatangihangaoauauotam-eteaturipukakapikimaungahoronukupokai-whenu a kitanatahu  a New Zealand hill.
Only 1 in 2,000,000,000 will live to be 116 or older.
When you tie a noose, the rope is wrapped twelve times around because it's the same length as a persons head.
The sentence, "The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog," uses every letter in the alphabet.
The airplane Buddy Holly died in was the "American Pie" (Thus the name of the Don McLean song).
The name Wendy was made up for the book "Peter Pan."
In Cleveland, Ohio, it's illegal to catch mice without a hunting license.
It takes 3,000 cows to supply the NFL with enough leather for a year's supply of footballs.
There are an average of 178 sesame seeds on a McDonald's Big Mac bun.
The world's termites outweigh the world's humans 10 to 1.
Pound for pound, hamburgers cost more than new cars.
When Heinz ketchup leaves the bottle, it travels at a rate of 25 miles per year.
Elephants can't jump.  Every other mammal can.
Most American car horns honk in the key of F.
The citrus soda 7-UP was created in 1929; '7 was selected after the original 7-ounce containers and 'UP' for the direction of the bubbles.
A pig's orgasm lasts for 30 minutes.
To escape the grip of a crocodile's jaws, push your thumbs into its eyeballs  it will let you go instantly.
Reindeer like to eat bananas.
The word "samba" means "to rub navels together."
More people are killed annually by donkeys than airplane crashes.
A 'jiffy' is a unit of time for 1/100th of a second.
Because of the rotation of the earth, an object can be thrown farther if it is thrown west.
The average person spends 6 months of their life sitting at red lights.
More Monopoly money is printed in a year, than real money throughout the world.
Caesar salad has nothing to do with any of the Caesars. It was first concocted in a bar in Tijuana, Mexico, in the 1920s.
Seattle's Fremont Bridge rises up and down more than any drawbridge in the world.
In the United States, a pound of potato chips costs two hundred times more than a pound of potatoes.
Nearly 80% of all animals on earth have six legs.
Ninety percent of all species that have become extinct have been birds.
There is approximately one chicken for every human being in the world.
Most collect calls are made on father's day.
Each of us generates about 3.5 pounds of rubbish a day, most of it paper.
Women manage the money and pay the bills in  75% of all Americans households.
Daylight Saving Time is not observed in most of the state of Arizona and parts of Indiana.
Bees have 5 eyes. There are 3 small eyes on the top of a bee's head and 2 larger ones in front.
One-fourth of the world's population lives on less than $200 a year. Ninety million people survive on less than $75 a year.
Butterflies taste with their hind feet.
Only female mosquito's' bite and most are attracted to the color blue twice as much as to any other color.
In eighteenth-century English gambling dens, there was an employee whose only job was to swallow the dice if there was a police raid.
The first product to have a bar code was Wrigley's gum.
Annual growth of WWW traffic is 314,000%
In 1778, fashionable women of Paris never went out in blustery weather without a lightning rod attached to their hats.
Celery has negative calories! It takes more calories to eat a piece of celery than the celery has in it.
The pop you hear when you crack your knuckles is actually a bubble of gas burning.
A literal translation of a standard traffic sign in China: "Give large space to the festive dog that makes sport in the roadway."
In a lifetime the average human produces enough quarts of spit to fill 2 swimming pools.
Barbie's measurements, if she were life-size, would be 39-29-33.
One third of all cancers are sun related.
It has been estimated that humans use only 10% of their brain.
Most Egyptians died by the time they were 30 about 300 years ago,
1 in 8 Americans has worked at a McDonalds restaurant.
70% of all boats sold are used for fishing.
The shortest war in history was between Zanzibar and England in 1896. Zanzibar surrendered after 38 minutes.
American Airlines saved $40,000 in 1987 by eliminating one olive from each salad served in first-class.
The thumbnail grows the slowest, the middle nail the fastest, nearly 4 times faster than toenails.
The Human eyes never grow, but nose and ears never stop growing.
If Texas were a country, its GNP would be the fifth largest of any country in the world.
There are 1 million ants for every human in the world.
The 'Golden Arches' of fast food chain McDonalds is more recognized worldwide than the religious cross of Christianity.
Former basketball superstar Michael Jordan is the most recognized face in the world, more than the pope himself.
The average talker sprays about 300 microscopic saliva droplets per minute, about 2.5 droplets per word.
The Earth experiences 50,000 Earth quakes per year and is hit by Lightning 100 times a second.
If we had the same mortality rate now as in 1900, more than half the people in the world today would not be alive.
During a severe windstorm or rainstorm the Empire State Building sways several feet to either side.
In the last 3,500 years, there have been approximately 230 years of peace throughout the civilized world.
The Black Death reduced the population of Europe by one third in the period from 1347 to 1351.
The average person spends about two years on the phone in a lifetime.
Length of beard an average man would grow if he never shaved 27.5 feet
Over 60% of all those who marry get divorced.
400-quarter pounders can be made from 1 cow.
A full-loaded supertanker traveling at normal speed takes at least 20 minutes to stop.
Coca-Cola was originally green.
Men can read smaller print than women; women can hear better.
Hong Kong holds the most Rolls Royce's per capita.
Average number of days a West German goes without washing his underwear: 7
Hershey's Kisses are called that because the machine that makes them looks like it's kissing the conveyor belt.
In Aspen Colorado, you can have a maximum income of $104,000 and still receive government subsidized housing.
Dr. Kellogg introduced Kellogg's Corn Flakes in hopes that it would reduce masturbation.
In medieval France, unfaithful wives were made to chase a chicken through town naked.
Eating the heart of a male Partridge was the cure for impotence in ancient Babylon.
A bull can inseminate 300 cows from one single ejaculation.
When a Hawaiian woman wears a flower over her left ear, it means that she is not available.
The only nation whose name begins with an "A", but doesn't end in an "A" is Afghanistan.
The verb "cleave" is the only English word with two synonyms which are antonyms of each other: adhere and separate.
The only 15-letter word that can be spelled without repeating a letter is uncopyrightable.
The shape of plant collenchyma's cells and the shape of the bubbles in beer foam are the same  they are orthotetrachidecahedrons.
Blueberry Jelly Bellies were created especially for Ronald Reagan.
PEZ candy even comes in a Coffee flavor.
The first song played on Armed Forces Radio during operation Desert Shield was "Rock the Casba" by the Clash.
Golf courses cover 4% of North America.
The average person will accidentally eat just under a pound of insects every year.
Until 1994, world maps and globes sold in Albania only had Albania on them.
The value of Pi will be officially "rounded down" to 3.14 from 3.14159265359 on December 31, 1999.
The Great Wall of China is the only man-made structure visible from space.
A piece of paper can be folded no more then 9 times.
The amount of computer Memory required to run WordPerfect for Win95 is 8 times the amount needed aboard the space shuttle.
The average North American will eat 35,000 cookies during their life span.
Between 25% and 33% of the population sneeze when exposed to light.
The most common name in world is Mohammed.
Most toilets flush in E flat.
2,000 pounds of space dust and other space debris fall on the Earth every day.
Each month, there is at least one report of UFOs from each province of Canada.
40,000 Americans are injured by toilets each year.
You can be fined up to $1,000 for whistling on Sunday in Salt Lake City, Utah.
It takes about 142.18 licks to reach the center of a Tootsie pop.
The serial number of the first MAC ever produced was 2001.
It is illegal to eat oranges while bathing in California.
If done perfectly, a rubix cube combination can be solved in 17 turns.
The average American butt is 14.9 inches long.
More bullets were fired in 'Starship Troopers' than any other movie ever made.
60% of electrocutions occur while talking on the telephone during a thunderstorm.
The name of the girl on the statue of liberty is Mother of Exiles.
3.6 cans of Spam are consumed each second.
There's a systematic lull in conversation every 7 minutes.
The buzz from an electric razor in America plays in the key of B flat; Key of G in England.
There are 1,575 steps from the ground floor to the top of the Empire State building.
The world's record for keeping a Lifesaver in the mouth with the hole intact is 7 hrs 10 min.
The world record for spitting a watermelon seed is 65 feet 4 inches.
In the Philippine jungle, the yo-yo was first used as a weapon.
Texas is also the only state that is allowed to fly its state flag at the same height as the U.S. flag.
The three most recognized Western names in China are Jesus Christ, Richard Nixon, & Elvis Presley.
There is a town in Newfoundland, Canada called Dildo.
In space, astronauts are unable to cry, because there is no gravity and the tears won't flow.
There are more plastic flamingos in the U.S that there are real ones.
The crack of a whip is actually a tiny sonic boom, since the tip breaks the sound barrier.
Jupiter is bigger than all the other planets in our solar system combined.
Lawn darts are illegal in Canada.
There are more psychoanalysts per capita in Buenos Aires than any other place in the world.
Between 2 and 3 jockeys are killed each year in horse racing.
5,840 people with pillow related injuries checked into U.S. emergency rooms in 1992.
The average woman consumes 6 lbs of lipstick in her lifetime.
Some individuals express concern sharing their soap, rightly so, considering 75% of all people wash from top to bottom.
Conception occurs most in the month of December.
CBS' "60 Minutes" is the only TV show without a theme song/music.
Half of all Americans live within 50 miles of their birthplace.
'Obsession' is the most popular boat name.
On average, Americans' favorite smell is banana.
If one spells out numbers, they would have to count to One Thousand before coming across the letter "A".
3.9% of all women do not wear underwear.
This common everyday occurrence composed of 59% nitrogen, 21% hydrogen, and 9% dioxide is called a 'fart'.
Meteorologists claim they're right 85% of the time (think about that one!)
The only real person to ever to appear on a pez dispenser was Betsy Ross.
Mike Nesmith's (the guitarist of The Monkeys) mom invented White Out.
Only 6 people in the whole world have died from moshing.
The storage capacity of human brain exceeds 4 Terabytes.
In Vermont, the ratio of cows to people is 10:1
Any free-moving liquid in outer space will form itself into a sphere, because of its surface tension.
The average American looks at eight houses before buying one.
Koala is Aboriginal for "no drink".
Shakespeare spelled his OWN name several different ways.
The first contraceptive was crocodile dung used by the ancient Egyptians.
Arnold Schonberg suffered from triskaidecaphobia, the fear of the number 13. He died at 13 minutes from midnight on Friday the 13th.
Mozart wrote the nursery rhyme 'twinkle, twinkle, little star' at the age of 5.
Weatherman Willard Scott was the first original Ronald McDonald.
Virginia Woolf wrote all her books standing.
Einstein couldn't speak fluently until after his ninth birthday. His parents thought he was mentally retarded.
Deborah Winger did the voice of E.T.
Kelsey Grammar sings and plays the piano for the theme song of Fraiser.
Thomas Edison, acclaimed inventor of the light bulb, was afraid of the dark.
You can sail all the way around the world at latitude 60 degrees south.
The earth weighs around 6,588,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000 tons.
Porcupines can float in water.
On the ground, a group of geese is a gaggle, in the sky it is a skein.
To Ensure Promptness, one is expected to pay beyond the value of service  hence the later abbreviation: T.I.P.
The microwave was invented after a researcher walked by a radar tube and a chocolate bar melted in his pocket.
The scene where Indiana Jones shoots the swordsman in Raider's of the Lost Ark was Harrison Ford's idea so that he could take a bathroom break.
Elephants are the only animals that can't jump.
If the population of China walked past you in single file, the line would never end because of the rate of reproduction.
Leonardo Da Vinci invented the scissors.
One of the reasons marijuana is illegal today is because cotton growers in the 1930s lobbied against hemp farmers they saw it as competition.
The name of all continents in the world end with the same letter that they start with.
The longest word comprised of one row on the keyboard is: TYPEWRITER
The average person spends 12 weeks a year 'looking for things'.
The symbol on the "pound" key (#) is called an octothorpe..
Ingrown toenails are hereditary.
"Underground" is the only word in the English language that begins and ends with the letters "und"
The longest word in the English language, according to the Oxford English Dictionary, is: pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis.
Alfred Hitchcock didn't have a belly button. It was eliminated when he was sewn up after surgery.
Telly Savalas and Louis Armstrong died on their birthdays.
Donald Duck's middle name is Fauntleroy.
The muzzle of a lion is like a fingerprint  no two lions have the same pattern of whiskers.
A goldfish has a memory span of three seconds.
Cranberries are sorted for ripeness by bouncing them; a fully ripened cranberry can be dribbled like a basketball.
The male gypsy moth can "smell" the virgin female gypsy moth from 1.8 miles away.
The letters KGB stand for Komitet Gosudarstvennoy Bezopasnosti.
The word "dexter" whose meaning refers to the right hand is typed with only the left hand.
Facetious and abstemious contain all the vowels in the correct order, as does arsenious, meaning "containing arsenic."
The word "Checkmate" in chess comes from the Persian phrase "Shah Mat," which means "the king is dead."
The national anthem of Greece has 158 verses. No one in Greece has memorized all 158 verses.
Giraffes have no vocal cords.
The pupils of a goat's eyes are square.
Van Gogh only sold one painting when he was alive.
A standard slinky measures 87 feet when stretched out.
The highest per capita Jell-O comsumption in the US is Des Moines.
If a rooster can't fully extend its neck, it can't crow.
There were always 56 curls in Shirley Temple's hair.
The eyes of a donkey are positioned so that it can see all four feet at all times.
Worcestershire sauce in essentially an Anchovy Ketchup.
Rhode Island is the only state which the hammer throw is a legal high school sport.
The average lifespan of an eyelash is five months.
A spider has transparent blood.
Every acre of American crops harvested contains 100 pounds of insects.
Prince Charles is an avid collecter of toilet seats.
The most common street name in the U.S. is Second Street.
Tehran is the most expensive city on earth.
The sweat drops drawn in cartoon comic strips are called pleuts.
Babies are most likely to be born on Tuesdays.
The HyperMart outside of Garland Texas has 58 check-outs.
The Minneapolis phone book has 21 pages of Andersons.
In the 1980s American migraines increased by 60%.
Poland is the "stolen car capital of the world".
Jefferson invented the dumbwaiter, the monetary system, and the folding attic ladder.
The S in Harry S. Truman did not stand for anything.
In Miconesia, coins are 12 feet across.
A horse can look forward with one eye and back with the other.
Shakespeare is quoted 33,150 times in the Oxford English dictionary.
The word Pennsylvania is misspelled on the Liberty Bell.
NBA superstar Michael Jordan was originally cut from his high school basketball team.
You spend 7 years of your life in the bathroom.
A family of 26 could go to the movies in Mexico city for the price of one in Tokyo.
10,000 Dutch cows pass through the Amsterdam airport each year.
Approximately every seven minutes of every day, someone in an aerobics class pulls their hamstring.
Simplistic passwords contribute to over 80% of all computer password break-ins.
The top 3 health-related searches on the Internet are (in this order): Depression, Allergies, & Cancer.
Oak trees do not produce acorns until they are fifty years of age or older.
The first owner of the Marlboro company died of lung cancer.
All US Presidents have worn glasses; some just didn't like being seen wearing them in public.
Mosquito repellents don't repel. They hide you. The spray blocks the mosquito's sensors so they don't know you're there.
Walt Disney was afraid of mice.
The site with the highest number of women visitors between the age of 35 and 44 years old: Alka-Seltzer.com
The 3 most valuable brand names on earth are Marlboro, Coca-Cola, and Budweiser (in that order).
The fingerprints of koala bears are virtually indistinguishable from those of humans, so much so that they can be easily confused at a crime scene.
The mask worn by Michael Myers in the original "Halloween" was actually a Captain Kirk mask painted white.
Dr. Jack Kevorkian first patient has Alzheimer's disease.
Fictional/horror writer Stephen King sleeps with a nearby light on to calm his fear of the dark.
The very first song played on MTV was 'Video Killed The Radio Star' by the Buggles.
Americans travel 1,144,721,000 miles by air every day
The the U.S. you dial '911. In Stockholm, Sweden you dial 90000
38% of American men say they love their cars more than women
The U.S. military operates 234 golf courses
100% of lottery winners do gain weight
Bullet proof vests, fire escapes, windshield wipers, and laser printers were all invented by women
Lorne Greene had one of his nipples bitten off by an alligator while he was host of "Lorne Greene's Wild Kingdom."
Pamela Anderson Lee is Canada's Centennial Baby, being the first baby born on the centennial anniversary of Canada's independence.
When possums are playing 'possum', they are not "playing." They actually pass out from sheer terror.
Who's that playing the piano on the "Mad About You" theme? Paul Reiser himself.
Donald Duck comics were banned from Finland because he doesn't wear pants!
Over 1000 birds a year die from smashing into windows!
In the White House, there are 13,092 knives, forks and spoons!
Recycling one glass jar, saves enough energy to watch T.V for 3 hours!
Honeybees have a type of hair on their eyes!
In Bangladesh, kids as young as 15 can be jailed for cheating on their finals!
The katydid bug hears through holes in its hind legs!
Q is the only letter in the alphabet that does not appear in the name of any of the United States!
166,875,000,000 pieces of mail are delivered each year in the US
The praying mantis is the only insect that can turn its head
Daffy Duck's middle name is "Dumas"
In Disney's Fantasia, the Sorcerer's name is "Yensid" (Disney backwards.)
In The Empire Strikes Back there is a potato hidden in the asteroid field
James Bond's car had three different license plates in Goldfinger
Canada makes up 6.67 percent of the Earth's land area
South Dakota is the only U.S state which shares no letters with the name of it's capital
The KGB is headquartered at No. 2 Felix Dzerzhinsky Square, Moscow
The Vatican city registered 0 births in 1983
There are 269 steps to the top of the Leaning Tower of Pisa
Leonardo da Vinci could write with one hand while drawing with the other
A group of cockroaches is called an intrusion.
Nearly half the gold ever mined has come from one place: Witwatersrand, South Africa
Hummingbird wing speed varies depending on the species.
The smaller the hummingbird, the faster it flaps its wings.
Ruby-throated hummingbird wings beat about 50 times a second.
A rufous hummingbird's wings beat as fast as 52 to 62 wingbeats per second.
The giant hummingbird of the Andes, about the same length as a cardinal, hums at 12 beats a second.
The bee hummingbird of Cuba, the smallest bird on earth at only 2 inches from bill tip to tail tip, buzzes along at 80 beats per second.
Canadians say "sorry" so much that a law was passed in 2009 declaring that an apology can't be used as evidence of admission to guilt.
Back when dinosaurs existed, there used to be volcanoes that were erupting on the moon.
One habit of intelligent humans is being easily annoyed by people around them, but saying nothing in order to avoid a meaningless argument.
If a Polar Bear and a Grizzly Bear mate, their offspring is called a "Pizzy Bear".
In 2006, a Coca-Cola employee offered to sell Coca-Cola secrets to Pepsi. Pepsi responded by notifying Coca-Cola.
There were two AI chatbots created by Facebook to talk to each other, but they were shut down after they started communicating in a language they made for themselves.
Nintendo trademarked the phrase "It's on like Donkey Kong" in 2010.
The famous line in Titanic from Leonardo DiCaprio, "I'm king of the world!" was improvised.
A single strand of Spaghetti is called a "Spaghetto".
Hershey's Kisses are named that after the kissing sound the deposited chocolate makes as it falls from the machine on the conveyor belt.
Princess Peach didn't move until 1988, designers believed it was too complicated to make her a movable character.
To leave a party without telling anyone is called in English, a "French Exit". In French, it's called a "partir  l'anglaise", to leave like the English.
If you cut down a cactus in Arizona, you'll be penalized up to 25 years in jail. It is similar to cutting down a protected tree species.
The Buddha commonly depicted in statues and pictures is a different person entirely. The real Buddha was actually incredibly skinny because of self-deprivation.
In Colorado, USA, there is still an active volcano. It last erupted about the same time as the pyramids were being built in Egypt.
The first movie ever to put out a motion-picture soundtrack was Snow White and the Seven Dwarves.
Fruit stickers are edible, though the same as any fruit, washing prior to eating is recommended. The glue used for them is regulated by the FDA.
The scientific name for Giant Anteater is Myrmecophaga Tridactyla. This means "ant eating with three fingers".
Astronaut is a compound word derived from the two Ancient Greek words "Astro" meaning "star" and "naut" meaning "sailor". So astronaut literally means "star sailor".
At birth, a baby panda is smaller than a mouse.
Iceland does not have a railway system.
The largest known prime number has 17,425,170 digits. The new prime number is 2 multiplied by itself 57,885,161 times, minus 1.
Forrest Fenn, an art dealer and author, hid a treasure chest in the Rocky Mountains worth over 1 million dollars. It still has not been found.
The lead singer of The Offspring started attending school to achieve a doctorate in molecular biology while still in the band. He graduated in May 2017.
There is a company in Japan that has schools that teach you how to be funny. The first one opened in 1982. About 1,000 students take the course each year.
The Lego Group is the world's most powerful brand. There are more Lego Minifigures than there are people on Earth.
The Bagheera kiplingi spider was discovered in the 1800s and is the only species of spider that has been classified as vegetarian.
There is a boss in Metal Gear Solid 3 that can be defeated by not playing the game for a week; or by changing the date.
The Roman  Persian wars are the longest in history, lasting over 680 years. They began in 54 BC and ended in 628 AD.
Elvis was originally blonde. He started coloring his hair black for an edgier look. Sometimes, he would touch it up himself using shoe polish.
If you translate "Jesus" from Hebrew to English, the correct translation is "Joshua". The name "Jesus" comes from translating the name from Hebrew, to Greek, to Latin, to English.
Ed Sheeran bought a ticket to LA with no contacts. He was spotted by Jamie Foxx, who offered him the use of his recording studio and a bed in his Hollywood home for six weeks.
The first service animals were established in Germany during World War I. References to service animals date as far back as the mid-16th Century.
An 11-year-old girl proposed the name for Pluto after the Roman god of the Underworld.
The voice actor of SpongeBob and the voice actor of Karen, Plankton's computer wife, have been married since 1995.
An Italian banker, Gilberto Baschiera is considered a modern-day Robin Hood. Over the course of 7 years, he secretly diverted 1 million euros to poorer clients from the wealthy ones so they could qualify for loans. He made no profit and avoided jail in 2018 due to a plea bargain.
Octopuses and squids have beaks. The beak is made of keratin  the same material that a bird's beak, and our fingernails are made of.
An estimated 50% of all gold ever mined on Earth came from a single plateau in South Africa: Witwatersrand.
75% of the world's diet is produced from just 12 plant and five different animal species.
The original Star Wars premiered on just 32 screens across the U.S. in 1977. This was to produce buzz as the release widened to more theaters.
The British government coined the slogan, "Keep Calm and Carry on" during World War 2 in order to motivate citizens to stay strong.
Tirana, the capital of Albania has a lot of things in common with other European capitals  except one. It's one of two capitals without a Mcdonald's. The second is Vatican City.
Sour Patch Kids are from the same manufacturer as Swedish Fish. The red Sour Patch Kids are the same candy as Swedish Fish, but with sour sugar.
The largest Japanese population outside of Japan stands at 1.6 million people who live in Brazil.
IKEA is an acronym which stands for Ingvar Kamprad Elmtaryd Agunnaryd, which is the founder's name, farm where he grew up, and hometown.
In 2009, Stephen Hawking held a reception for time travelers, but didn't publicize it until after. This way, only those who could time travel would be able to attend. Nobody else attended.
Violin bows are commonly made from horse hair.
There are less than 30 ships in the Royal Canadian Navy which are less than most third-world countries.
Larry the Cable Guy's real name is Daniel Lawrence Whitney. His notable Southern accent is fake  he was born and raised in the midwest, not the South.
The youngest Pope in history was Pope Benedict IX who was 11 years old at the time of the election. He is also the only person to have been the Pope more than once.
Costa Coffee employs Gennaro Pelliccia as a coffee taster, who has had his tongue insured for 10 million since 2009.
Johnny Cash took only three voice lessons before his teacher advised him to stop taking lessons and to never deviate from his natural voice.
There is an island called "Just Enough Room", where there's just enough room for a tree and a house.
Medieval chastity belts are a myth. A great majority of examples now existing were made in the 18th and 19th centuries as jokes.
Nowadays, millionaires with just $1 million aren't considered wealthy anymore by most Americans. Now, the typical American sees at least $2.4 million as wealthy.
Hanna-Barbera pitched The Flintstones to networks for 8 weeks before it was finally picked up. It became the first-ever animated show to air during primetime.
There is a company that sells mirrors that make people look 10 pounds thinner. Overall, the mirrors have contributed to 54% of total sales for retailers that use it.
There's no period in "Dr. Pepper". It was removed because the old logo font made it look like "Di: Pepper".
Standing around burns calories. On average, a 150-pound person burns 114 calories per hour while standing and doing nothing.
Although GPS is free for the world to use, it costs $2 million per day to operate. The money comes from American tax revenue.
In World War II, Germany tried to collapse the British economy by dropping millions of counterfeit bills over London.
The human eye is so sensitive that, if the Earth were flat and it was a dark night, a candle's flame could be seen from 30 miles away.
When Space Invaders was created, Tomohiro Nishikado left in the lag caused by more invaders on the screen in order to create greater difficulty in the games.
The color red doesn't really make bulls angry; they are color-blind.
65% of autistic kids are left-handed, and only 10% of people, in general, are left-handed.
In 2007, Scotland spent 125,000 devising a new national slogan. The winning entry was: "Welcome to Scotland".
Until 2016, the "Happy Birthday" song was not for public use. Meaning, prior to 2016, the song was copyrighted and you had to pay a license to use it.
There is a punctuation mark used to signify irony or sarcasm that looks like a backwards question mark 
Researches have found that flossing your teeth can help your memory. Flossing prevents gum disease, which prevents stiff blood vessels, which cause memory issues.
A cluster of bananas is called a "hand". Along that theme, a single banana is called a "finger".
The Hobbit has been published in two editions. In the first edition, Gollum willingly bet on his ring in the riddle game.
For nearly 60 years, Texas didn't have an official state flag between 1879 & 1933. During that time, the Lone Star flag was the active, but the unofficial flag.
A wildlife technician, Richard Thomas, took the famous tongue twister, "how much wood would a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood" and calculated a rough estimate of what the answer would actually be. It came out to be around 700 pounds.
Red Solo cups are a common souvenir to bring back from the United States. The novelty comes from the cups being used in many party scenes in movies.
Swedish meatballs originated from a recipe King Charles XII brought back from Turkey in the early 1800s.
Those cute furry bits inside a cat's ear are called "ear furnishings". They ensure that dirt doesn't go inside and also helps them to hear well.
Scientists discovered sharks that are living in an active underwater volcano. Divers cannot investigate because they would get burns from the acidity and heat.
There are times when Pluto is closer to the Sun than Neptune  one of these timelines was from 1979 to 1999.
There is a town in Nebraska called Monowi with a population of one. The only resident is a woman who is the Mayor, Bartender, and Librarian.
The Ethiopian calendar is 7.5 years behind the Gregorian calendar due to the fact that it has 13 months.
In 1994, the company that had a patent on GIFs tried to charge a fee for using GIFS. The PNG was invented as an alternative, and the company backed down.
China is spending $3 billion dollars to build panda-shaped solar farms in order to get more young people interested in renewable energy.
Mercury and Venus are the only two planets in our solar system that do not have any moons.
The average American child is given $3.70 per tooth that falls out.
To properly write adjectives in order, you would list them by amount, value, size, temperature, age, shape, color, origin, and material.The world's first motel is in San Luis Obispo, which was built in 1925. When opened, it cost $1.25 for a two-room bungalow with a kitchen and a private adjoining garage.
Videogames have been found to be more effective at battling depression than therapy.The world's first motel is in San Luis Obispo, which was built in 1925. When opened, it cost $1.25 for a two-room bungalow with a kitchen and a private adjoining garage.
Scotland was one of the few countries able to hold off being conquered by the Romans in the first century A.D.
I Will Always Love You was originally written and recorded in 1973 by Dolly Parton. It was written as a farewell to her mentor of seven years.
"Opposites attract" is a common myth. People are actually attracted to people who look like family members or those with a similar personality type.
Llamas can be used as guards against coyote attacks on sheep herds. Studies have proven that just one guard llama is an effective protector and can even kill the attacking coyotes.
The unique smell of rain actually comes from plant oils, bacteria, and ozone.
Vanilla flavoring is sometimes made with the urine of beavers.
If you heat up a magnet, it will lose its magnetism.
The most expensive virtual object is "Club NEVERDIE" in the Entropia Universe which is worth $635,000. It was originally bought at $10,000.
Cruise ships have morgues that can store up to 10 bodies at once. The average amount of people that die on cruise ships per year is 200.
Birds are the closest living relatives of crocodilians, as well as the descendants of extinct dinosaurs with feathers. This makes them the only surviving dinosaurs.
Small as they may be, ladybugs have a unique smell that humans are incredibly sensitive to.
During WWII, a U.S. naval destroyer won a battle against a Japanese submarine by throwing potatoes at them. The Japanese thought they were grenades.
The Marshal Mathers foundation for at-risk and disadvantaged youth was founded by Eminem.
Since 1955, 50% of the population of Niger is consistently under 16 years old. The total current population is 21,600,000.
The author of Mary Had a Little Lamb, Sarah Josepha Hale, is most responsible for the creation of Thanksgiving being a national holiday.
The oldest unopened bottle of wine was found in a Roman tomb that is over 1,650 years old.
Chicken Run is the highest-grossing stop motion animated film, even beating The Nightmare Before Christmas.
Nobody knows how the Academy Awards came to be referred to as the Oscars. The earliest mention was 1932, and was made official in 1939.
More tornadoes occur in the United Kingdom per square mile than any other country in the world.
Owners of personalized license plates in Uganda are facing a tax increase of over 300%, which will raise the tax from $1,498 to $5,992.
Popularized by the Shakespeare play, many people think Julius Caesar's last words were "And you, Brutus?" In reality, he said "You too, my child?"
Times Square was originally called Longacre Square until it was renamed in 1904 after The New York Times moved its headquarters to the newly built Times Building.
Daniel Craig was an anonymous Storm Trooper in Star Wars: The Force Awakens. Originally, he denied his cameo and claimed he wouldn't bother being an extra in a movie.
Queen Elizabeth has a personal net worth of 425 million dollars. That includes the $65 million Sandringham House and $140 million Balmoral Castle.
Although there is currently no drug proven to make someone tell the truth, some countries like Russia, Canada, and India use truth serums.
Only primates, humans, and opossums have opposable thumbs. Out of these, the opossum is the only one with no thumbnail.
One of the World Trade Center's was built to be 1,776 feet tall on purpose to reference the year the Declaration of Independence was signed.
The word "kimono", literally means a "thing to wear". Ki is "wear", and mono is "thing".
There is a statue of Tesla in Silicon Valley that radiates free Wi-Fi. It was done as an homage to his vision for wireless communication.
It snows metal on planet Venus! There are two types that have been found, galena and bismuthinite.
Tic Tacs got their name from the sound they make when they are tossed around in their container.
Only official members of federally accepted Native American tribes may legally possess or collect eagle feathers. If a normal citizen has one, it is illegal.
By the time they have been retired for 2 years, 78% of former NFL players have gone bankrupt or are under financial stress because of joblessness or divorce.
500 seeds of 5 different types of seeds were taken into orbit around the moon and later planted around the U.S. as well as a few countries. They were called Moon Trees.
In order to protest the high tariffs enforced by a U.K. censorship board, a filmmaker sent in a 10-hour "movie" of white paint drying. They had to watch the entire film.
The popular LMFAO group who created the viral hit, Party Rock Anthem, is made up of an uncle-nephew duo.
50% of apartments in Los Angeles don't come with a fridge. This is legal, as fridges are considered an "amenity", and therefore landlords are not required to provide one.
Norway has a 25-year statute of limitation on murder. This means if the murder happened more than 25 years ago, they cannot be charged.
Several of the facts on Snapple caps have been found to be outdated, incorrect or exaggerated.
Both of the drummers from Queen and Duran Duran had the same name  Roger Taylor.
There is a company in the U.K. that offers "being hungover" as a valid reason for calling off work. They are allotted four hungover days per year.
The majority of blind people in the U.S. and the U.K. cannot read braille. Statistically, less than 1% of blind in the U.K., and under 10% in the U.S.
It's not just humans who are right or left-handed. Most female cats prefer using their right paw and males are more likely to be left-pawed.
Over 290 people have died climbing Mount Everest since 1922. Most deaths occur because of avalanches, and not all bodies have been recovered.
A bolt of lightning can reach 53,540 degrees Fahrenheit. That's 5 times hotter than the surface of the sun, which is 10,340 degrees Fahrenheit.
There is a village in Russia called Tsovkra where every resident can tightrope walk. It is a tradition that dates back over 100 years but no one knows how it started.
When Shakira was in second grade, she was rejected by the school choir because her vibrato was too strong. The music teacher told her that she sounded like a goat.
Four of the top seven highest-grossing films of all time were released in 2015. Avengers: Age of Ultron, Furious 7, Jurassic World, and Star Wars: The Force Awakens.
Four Nile crocodiles have been found in Florida. They are the second-largest crocodile and are more dangerous than the native crocodiles and alligators in Florida.
Julius Caesar's only son, Caesarion, was the last Pharaoh of Egypt. Even though Cleopatra swears he is Caesar's son, Caesar never officially acknowledged him.
The quietest room in the world in Minnesota is measured in negative decibels  so quiet that you can hear your own heartbeat and your bones moving.
"Tsundoku" is a Japanese word for the habit of buying too many books, letting them pile up in your house, and never reading them.
The Guinness World Record for the time longest spend searching for the Loch Ness Monster is held by Steve Feltham who camped at Loch Ness for 25 years.
Brain fibers lose 10% of their total length every decade. They can shrink even more so under acute stress.
Chewing gum boosts mental proficiency and is considered a better test aid than caffeine  but nobody knows why.
Per capita, the happiest countries in the world also rank highest in terms of consumers of antidepressants.
Even though Irish is the official language of Ireland, Polish is more widely spoken.
There's a bar in Yukon that serves a "Sourtoe cocktail". It consists of a shot of whiskey with a human toe floating in the glass. An estimated 60,000 people have had it.
The Stockholm archipelago has more islands than the Pacific Ocean at around 30,000.
Pope Francis has been given many extravagant gifts over the years, and one of them was a Harley-Davidson motorcycle. However, rather than keeping it for his own pleasure and adventures, he sold it off and used the money to benefit homeless people.
In Japan, Domino's started testing pizza delivery via reindeer in 2016.
The motto on the United Kingdom's Royal Coat of Arms is in French. The motto is "Dieu et mon droit", which means "God and my right".
The average household income of the top 1% in the United States is $1,260,508 per year.
Disney sold the streaming right for the original Star Wars films in 2016 to Turner until 2024. Disney has since decided to start a streaming service and has tried asking for the rights back, but Turner refuses every time.
Gaming-related accidents increased by 26.5% during the first 5 months of Pokmon Go being released. This included 2 deaths and $25.5 million in damages.
Helen Keller was related to Robert E. Lee. Her paternal grandmother was second cousins with him.
During the 1908 Olympics in London, the Russians showed up 12 days late due to the fact that they were using the Julian calendar instead of the Gregorian calendar.
Non-violent attempts to escape Mexican prisons are not punished because "it's human nature to want freedom".
The line, "Born and raised in South Detroit" in Journey's "Don't Stop Believin" actually refers to Canada, not Michigan.
On one slow news day on April 18, 1930, a BBC radio announcer blatantly said "there is no news".
If you cut a starfish, it won't bleed  it doesn't have blood! Rather, they circulate nutrients by using seawater in their vascular system.
12% of the world's total languages are found in Papua New Guinea, which has over 820 indigenous languages. There are more languages on this island than in any other country.
The hottest temperature ever recorded in Washington state was at Ice Harbor Dam at 118 F (47.8 C) on August 5, 1961.
In efforts to undercut the Dreamcast's sales of the upcoming SEGA release, Sony announced the PlayStation 2 and exaggerated its performance capabilities.
Nepal has the most mathematical flag in the world. It even has an article in its constitution that details the steps of drawing the flag.
Mount Rushmore cost less than one million dollars to construct. It took 14 years to build  from 1927 to 1941 and took 400 workers.
Samsung means "three stars" in Korean. This was chosen by the founder because he wanted the company to be powerful and everlasting like stars in the sky.
On average, 46.1% of Americans have less than $10,000 in assets when they die.
While shedding, geckos will eat their skin in order to prevent predators from finding and eating them more easily.
Bees actually have knees. The expression comes from the fact that they store large build-ups of pollen in hairy baskets on their knees.
Between North and South Korea lies 155 miles of no man's land where hundreds of rare animal species thrive.
While watching a Merry-Go-Round from a bench in Griffith Park, Los Angeles, Walt Disney was struck with inspiration for the creation of Disneyland.
There is a Scottish tartan designed for Mars exploration. It was officially registered in 2016 to be worn during Mars science, exploration and outreach activities.
Santa Claus was issued a pilot's license from the U.S. government in 1927. They also gave him airway maps and promised to keep the runway lights on.
When you exercise, the burned fat metabolizes to become carbon dioxide, water, and energy. Meaning: you exhale the fat that you lose.
The word "velociraptor" comes from the Latin words "velox" which means swift, and "raptor" which means robber. Literally  speedy robber!
The largest stadium in the world is the Rungrado 1st of May Stadium in North Korea. It can hold up to 114,000 spectators. It covers 51 acres and is 197 feet tall.
Polar bears often hunt walruses by simply charging at a group of them and eating the ones that were crushed or wounded in the mass panic to escape. Direct attacks are rare.
The group of spikes at the end of stegosaurid tails are called the "thagomizer". They had no distinct name until the term was coined in 1982 by a cartoonist.
There is a correlation between pulling an all-nighter and snapping out of depression. This is because the brain gets more active the longer it goes without sleep.
Adult cats only meow at humans, not other cats. Kittens meow to their mother but once they get a little older, cats no longer meow to other cats.
When shuffling a deck of cards, the number of possible arrangements is approximately 81067. That's more than the number of stars in the observable universe.
There is a United Arab Emirates' territory inside an Oman's territory that itself is inside the United Arab Emirates country. It is called Madha village.
Disappointment Island is an uninhabited island in New Zealand. Over 65,000 pairs of white-capped albatross live there. In 1868, a steel tanker crashed on the island which killed 68 people, leaving the 15 survivors waiting 18 months to be rescued. In 1907, another ship ended up crashing there and 12 men drowned.
During the entire run of Gilligan's Island, it was never revealed if "Gilligan" was his first or last name.
When Jorge Garcia first got the part on LOST as Hurley, he lost a total of 30 pounds in weight before filming started.
Polar bear fur is actually clear, and their skin is black.
Baby flamingos are born grey, not pink.
A woodpecker's tongue actually wraps all the way around its brain, protecting it from damage when it's hammering into a tree.
Elephants suck on their trunks for comfort.
Anteaters have no teeth.
Nine-banded armadillos always have quadruplets, and they're always identical.
Hippos and horses are actually distant relatives.
All clownfish are born male.
In the UK, The Queen legally owns all unmarked swans.
To keep from drifting apart, sea otters hold hands while they sleep.
Dolphins give names to each other.
Gorillas can catch human colds
The turkey was once almost named the national bird.
There are 32 muscles in a cat's ear.
Snails can regenerate their eyes.
Female turtles hiss and male turtles grunt.
A starfish can turn its stomach inside out.
French Poodles are actually from Germany.
Seahorses mate for life and can often be seen holding each other's tales.
A group of porcupines is called a prickle.
Andrew Jackson's parrot had to be removed from his funeral because it wouldn't stop swearing.
Sloths can hold their breaths for up to 40 minutes.
Henry VIII knighted all four of his "Grooms of Stool" - the people in charge of wiping his butt for him.
Jeannette Rankin was elected to Congress four years before women could even vote.
Women couldn't apply for credit at a bank until 1974.
Before the invention of modern false teeth, dentures were commonly made from the teeth of dead soldiers.
In ancient Egypt, servants were smeared with honey so flies would flock to them instead of the pharaoh.
It was once considered sacrilegious to use a fork.
Abe Lincoln was a champion wrestler. He was also a licensed bartender.
George Washington owned a whiskey distillery.
More than two percent of the American population was killed during the Civil War.
Joseph Stalin used to have people removed from photos after they died or were removed from office.
Since 1945, all British tanks have been equipped with the necessary items for making tea.
Pope Gregory IV once declared war on cats because he believed Satan used black cats. His declaration lead to the mass extermination of cats.
That lack of cats led to a rat infestation which led to the spread of the plague.
John Adams was the first president to live in the White House.
Chernobyl, the Exxon Valdez Oil Spill, and the Challenger explosion have all been attributed to a lack of sleep.
The average person living in Sweden eats about 22 pounds of chocolate a year.
While the Wright Brothers are famous as a pair, they actually only flew together once. They promised their father they'd always fly separately.
Montana has three times as many cows as it does people.
Parts of the Great Wall of China were made with sticky rice.
Ninety percent of the world's population lives above the equator.
Finland has more saunas than cars.
Sixty percent of the World's lakes (three million total) are located in Canada.
Virginia is the only state that has the same state flower and state tree, the Dogwood.
Think before you season. In Egypt, it's considered incredibly rude to salt food that has been served to you.
Ninety percent of Libya is desert.
The height of the Eiffel Tour can vary up to six inches, depending on the temperature.
Spend too much on drinks when you eat out? A small town in Italy actually has a fountain that serves free wine.
Pilots and their co-pilots are required to eat different meals before flights so that they don't both end up with food poisoning.
Roughly 600 Parisians work at the Eiffel Tower each day.
There's a city named Rome on six out of seven continents.
When visiting Key West, you're actually closer to Havana than you are to Miami.
Mary, of "Mary Had A Little Lamb" fame, was a real person and the song is based on a true story.
"Happy Birthday" was the first song ever played on Mars. Mars Rover Curiosity played the song to itself on its first anniversary on the planet.
While listening to music, your heart can sync to the rhythm.
President Nixon was an accomplished musician. He played five instruments, including the accordion.
Got a song stuck in your head? That's called an "earworm."
None of The Beatles could actually read music.
George Harrison could reportedly play 26 instruments.
Barry Manilow did not, in fact, write "I Write The Songs."
Metallica is the only band to perform on all seven continents.
Most department stores tend to play slower music, in order to slow down customers and keep them shopping longer. The opposite is true for restaurants.
Monaco's orchestra is bigger than its army.
A concert promoter once sold a thousand tickets to a Spice Girls concert in Hawaii that was never actually booked. Maybe that's where they got the idea for Fyre Fest.
Leo Fender, the inventor of the Stratocaster and the Telecaster, couldn't play guitar.
In 2016, Mozart sold more albums than Beyonc.
During a fundraiser for Hurricane Katrina relief efforts, someone donated $35,000 so that VH1 Classic would have to play "99 Luftballons" on repeat for an entire hour.
"A Boy Named Sue" wasn't written by Johnny Cash. Shel Silverstein wrote it.
In 2015, Belfast police used ice cream truck music to deter teenage rioters.
Gatorade was named after the University of Florida Gators.
China didn't win its first Olympic medal until 1984.
The average golf ball has 336 dimples.
Tennis was originally played with bare hands.
The Cleveland Browns are the only team to neither play in or host a Super Bowl.
Wilt Chamberlain is in the Volleyball Hall of Fame.
Some golf balls are filled with honey.
Despite taking about three hours to play out, the average baseball game only has about 18 minutes of active playing time.
MLB umpires are required to wear black underwear in case they split their pants.
Bo Jackson refused the teams that originally tried to draft him in both baseball and football.
Both volleyball and basketball were invented in Massachusetts.
Michael Jordan and the Chicago Bulls once went eight seasons (starting in 1990) without a three-game losing streak.
President Hubert Hoover invented a game called "Hooverball" which was a cross between tennis and volleyball and was played with a medicine ball.
Only one city has won three major championships in one year. In 1935, the Detroit Lions won the Super Bowl, the Tigers won the world series, and the Red Wings won the Stanley Cup.
In WWII British soldiers had to make do with only three sheets of toilet paper per day!
In Russia, beer was considered a soft drink, not alcohol, until 2011!
Strawberries are NOT berries, but bananas actually are!
A tomato is actually a fruit.
The cashew nuts we eat are actually attached to a large cashew apple that is used to make soft drinks in Brazil.
Mice do not like cheese. They prefer sweets if given the choice - they like to eat fruit, seeds, and grains.
Turkey was probably not eaten at the first Thanksgiving - instead, wildfowl, goose, and possibly passenger pigeons and swans were consumed.
Mice have pretty funny names: A female mouse is a doe and a male mouse is a buck. Baby mice are sometimes called pinkies because of their color and sometimes called pups.
Gorillas, monkeys, bonobos, and other primates make a new nest to sleep in every night.
Chickens don't just eat seeds, they like to eat insects and also mice and lizards.
Giraffes don't just have long necks: They have long tongues. Their tongues are between 18 and 20 inches long.
In Arizona, you can't feed garbage to pigs without getting a permit.
Sea otters like to hold each other's paws when they sleep, so they don't drift apart while dreaming.
Apples come from the same plant family as roses. So do plums, raspberries, and many other delicious fruits.
The first Akita dog came to this country in 1937 - as a present for Helen Keller.
Turns out, a dog's paw print is just as unique as a human's.
A camel can drink up to 40 gallons of water in one go.
Fortune telling is illegal in Maryland.
The technical term for a fear of long words is ""hippopotomonstrosesquippedaliophobia."
The White House has 35 bathrooms.
Greyhounds can run up to 45 mph.
Hiking naked is illegal in Switzerland.
A flock of flamingos is called a flamboyance.
New York's Central Park is bigger than Monaco.
Using ferrets to hunt other animals is illegal in West Virginia.
There are over 9,000 benches in Central Park.
Theodore Roosevelt's kids had a pet bear, badger, and hyena, to name but a few animals - and they brought them all to the White House.
There are over 700 ancient Egyptian hieroglyphic symbols.
Saturn's surface is less dense than water.
The expression "heart of gold" was invented by Shakespeare.
To make one pound of honey, a bee has to fly 90,000 miles.
One bee typically only makes one twelfth of a teaspoon of honey in its lifetime.
The United States apparently makes 25 percent of the world's cheese.
The human hand has 54 bones.
Most U.S. stamp adhesive contains about one-tenth of a calorie. British stamps could set you back 5.9 calories.
Crows hold funerals for their dead.
Bees are the only insect that produce food that people eat.
Lettuce is a member of the sunflower family.
Jin Songhao of China won the world record for longest skin contact with snow at 46 minutes and 7 seconds!
The heaviest onion on record was grown by Pete Glazebrook of England which weighed 17 pounds.
The title of tallest Mohawk goes to Kazuhito Watanabe, a Japanese fashion designer. It measures three feet 8.6 inches.
Elmer Fudd's original name was Egghead.
The actors who voiced Mickey and Minnie mouse from the 1980s to the 2010s were married.
In some Harry Potter movie scenes where Harry, Ron, and Hermione are doing their Hogwarts schoolwork, the actors were actually doing their real schoolwork.
The oldest domestic cat on record lived for 38 years.
Little brown bats make for the longest nappers - in captivity, they nap up to 19.9 hours a day.
The longest noodle ever made is more than 10,000 feet long, or almost two miles.
Otto the bulldog broke the record for dog to skate through the longest human tunnel when he skated through the legs of 30 people without any assistance.
A flock of peacocks is called a party.
The Supreme Court has its own basketball court.
We believe that time stops at the speed of light.
Humans wouldn't be able to taste food without saliva.
If Betelgeuse exploded right now, the star's last light show would brighten our sky for around two months.
Oona Chaplin, who played Robb Stark's wife in Game of Thrones, is Charlie Chaplin's granddaughter.
The founder of sportswear companies Puma and Adidas were brothers.
The only letter of the alphabet that doesn't appear in any American state is q.
The original Ferris Wheel was designed and constructed in Chicago, Illinois, by George Washington Gale Ferris, Jr.
While SPAM is most popular in Hawaii, it was actually invented in Minnesota.
The world's longest French fry is 34-inches long.
Garlic bulbs are full of Vitamin C, iron, potassium, magnesium, zinc and more. They also has 17 amino acids.
On the South Atlantic island of Tristan da Cunha, potatoes were once used as currency.
According to Tori Avey, coffee became a popular drink in America after the Boston Tea Party of 1773: making the switch from tea to coffee was considered a patriotic duty.
The double coconut palm produced the biggest seed in the world: 45 pounds.
Ice cream was once called "cream ice."
Pound cake is so-called because the recipes once called for a pound of butter, a pound of sugar, a pound of eggs and a pound of flour.
Peanuts aren't nuts, they're legumes.
Carrots weren't always orange: they were once exclusively purple.
Cherries are a member of the rose family (Rosaceae) as are quince, pears, plums, apples, peaches and raspberries!
Lima beans have an amazing ability to command wasps as a defense. If insects are eating the lima bean's leaves, the plant gives off a substance that acts as a signal to parasitic wasps to swoop in and destroy their enemy (i.e. the leaf-eating insects).
Apples float because they are one-quarter air!
Ripe cranberries will bounce like a ball. (Go on, try it!). They also float.
German Chocolate Cake is not from Germany. German is actually the last name of the man who invented a kind of baking chocolate (Sam German).
The Wright Brothers only flew together once (though both piloted the planes individually): on May 25, 1910 they took a six-minute flight piloted by Orville with Wilbur as his passenger.
Regardless of their size, naval tradition declares submarines be called "boats" rather than "ships."
Hedy Lamar was a famous Hollywood film actress who also invented what became modern day Wi-Fi.
Walt Disney started sketching regularly when he was just four years old.
Abraham Lincoln lost five separate elections before he became president of the U.S.
Pablo Picasso entered art school around the age of 10. The Picasso Museum in Barcelona, Spain includes many "early works" from his childhood.
Frederick Douglass taught himself to read and write.
Before European contact (which caused populations to diminish rapidly) California indigenous tribal groups spoke more than 200 unique dialects.
Amelia Earhart first saw a plane at the age of 10, but didn't take an airplane ride until 1920 when she was 23 years old.
Abe Lincoln was a professional wrestler long before he became the 16th President of the United States.
After landing in Ireland after her first solo Atlantic flight, a farmer asked Amelia Earhart where she was from. When she said America, he almost didn't believe her!
Frederick Douglass birth name was Frederick Augustus Washington Bailey. When he married he chose the last name Douglass after the hero clan in Sir Walter Scott's famous poem, Lady of the Lake.
Frida Kahlo created 143 paintings. Of these, 55 were self-portraits.
Babe Ruth was the first baseball player to hit a home run in the All-Star game, at Chicago's Comiskey Park in 1933.
Some tornadoes can be faster than Formula One race cars!
There are 2,000 thunderstorms on Earth every minute.
The wind is silent until it blows against something.
There are ice caves in Iceland that have hot springs.
The fastest recorded raindrop was 18 mph!
The US gets over 1200 tornadoes a year.
Clouds look white because they are reflecting sunlight from above them.
Yuma, Arizona gets over 4000 hours of sunshine a year, making it the sunniest place on earth. The least sunny place is the South Pole, where the sun only shines on 182 days a year. (Which would you rather live in?)
Rain contains vitamin B12.
A hurricane releases enough energy in one second to equal that of 10 atomic bombs.
It can be too warm to snow, but never too cold.
Tropical storms and hurricanes started getting "named" in 1953.
You can tell the weather by counting a cricket's chirps!
Worms wiggle up from the ground when a flood is coming.
The moon is very hot (224 degrees Fahrenheit, average) during the day but very cold (-243 degrees average) at night.
Sally Ride was the first American woman to fly in space, on June 18, 1983.
Even in an airplane, a trip to Pluto would take about 800 years.
Ham the Astrochimp was the first hominid in space, launched on Jan. 31, 1961.
It takes eight minutes and 19 seconds for light to travel from the sun to Earth.
A neutron star can spin 600 times in one second.
Jupiter is the fastest spinning planet in the solar system (it only takes about 10 hours to complete a full rotation on its axis).
Sound does not carry in space.
The Earth's core is as hot as the surface of the sun.
The very first animals in space were fruit flies...they were sent up in 1947 and recovered alive.
In 2011, ten-year-old Kathryn Aurora Gray discovered a supernova (a star that has run out of energy, explodes and then collapses before it dies) that no one else had seen before.
Europa, one of Jupiter's moons, has saltwater geyers that are 20x taller than Mt. Everest.
Saturn's rings are made from trillions of chunks of orbiting ice.
Alpha Centauri isn't a star, but a star system. It is 4.22 light years away.
One day on Venus is almost 8 months on Earth.
Jupiter's Great Red Spot is a storm that has been raging for over 200 years.
Many people believe that early mermaid sightings can be attributed to dehydration + manatees.
Sloths cannot shiver to stay warm, and so have difficulty maintaining their body temperature on rainy days.
In the wild, some reindeer travel more than 3000 miles in a single year.
Only half of the dolphin's brain goes to sleep when asleep and the other half stays awake.
Other than humans, emperor penguins are the only warm-blooded animal to stay on Antarctica for the winter.
The biggest fossil of a spider was found in China. It is one-inch long and 165 million years old.
The largest living animal is the blue whale, which can measure as much as 100 feet.
Nearly 10 percent of all of a cat's bones are in its tail.
In the winter time reindeer grow their facial hair long enough to cover their mouths, which protects their muzzles when grazing in the snow. Beard-os!
Dolphins have been seen wrapping sea sponge around their long snouts to protect them from cuts while foraging for food.
Shrimps hearts are in their heads.
While pandas sometimes eat fish or small animals, 99% of their diet is bamboo.
A fox uses its tail to communicate with other foxes.
Dogs have wet noses because they secrete a thin layer of mucus, which actually helps dogs smell!
The female hummingbird builds the world's smallest birds nest (approximately 1.5 inches in diameter, around the size of a walnut!). She weaves it from spiderwebs which allows it to expand as the chicks grow.
The largest land animal in Antarctica is an insect: the columbola (which looks like an earwig). Penguins are considered marine animals.
There are 222 owl species in the world. Most are nocturnal, but a few are active during the daytime, such as the Barred Owl.
Sloths are strong swimmers, especially good at the backstroke.
Sharks do not hunt humans or consider humans food. Sharks incidents occur when sharks are hunting for seals, dolphins or other "human-sized" prey. It's a case of mistaken identity!
In 1962, Wilt Chamberlain scored 100 points in a single NBA basketball game. No one has broken this record (not even Steph Curry!).
Babe Ruth began his career as a pitcher: Ruth was both a left-handed pitcher and left-handed batter.
The record for the long jump is held by Mike Powell: 29 ft. + 4 inches. That's like jumping the length of two minivans!
The most medals won for Olympic basketball (male or female) are both held by women: Teresa Edwards and Lisa Leslie with four gold medals each.
Wilma Rudolph (who set the world record in 1960 for 100, 200 and 4x100-meter relay) had polio, scarlet fever and pneumonia as a child, leading doctors to believe she'd never walk again.
NFL Super Bowl referees also get Super Bowl rings.
In 1919, Cleveland Indians pitcher Ray Caldwell was struck by lightning in the middle of the 9th inning. He kept playing!
The 'G' on the Green Bay Packers helmet stands for "greatness" not Green Bay!
Baseballs last an average of seven pitches.
Manon Rheaume is the only woman to have played in an NHL game.
Golf is one of only two sports every played on the moon. In 1971, Alan Shepard hit a ball with a six-iron while on the moon as part of the Apollo 14 mission. The other sport was a javelin toss, during the same visit.
The shortest player in the National Hockey League (NHL) was goaltender Roy Woters who measured 5 ft. 3 in. tall.
The tallest player in the NHL is Zdeno Chara, who is 6 ft. 9 in. tall.
The nose can detect a trillion smells!
Human teeth are as strong as shark teeth!
Your blood is as salty as the ocean.
Not only does everyone have unique fingerprints, but humans also have unique tongue-prints!
The average brain weighs about three pounds. A newborn brain weighs about 3/4 of a pound.
A human body contains almost 100 trillion cells.
Eyelashes live for about 150 days before falling out.
Humans are the only animals with chins.
You can't breathe and swallow at the same time.
Pteronophobia is the fear of being tickled by feathers.
Crows often hold grudges against specific people.
The oldest "your mom" joke was discovered on a 3,500-year-old Babylonian tablet.
Two infectious diseases have been successfully wiped out: Smallpox and Rinderpest.
Cherophobia is the irrational fear of fun or happiness.
If you lift a kangaroo's tail off the ground, it can't hop.
Bananas are curved because they grow towards the sun.
Most Korean people don't have armpit odor.
The original London Bridge is now in Arizona.
During your lifetime, you will produce enough saliva to fill 50 bathtubs!
If Pinocchio said "My Nose Will Grow Now," it would create a paradox.
Polar bears could eat as many as 10 penguins in a single sitting...
Car manufacturer Volkswagen makes sausages.
Movie trailers were originally shown after the movie, which is why they're called "trailers."
The smallest bone in your body is in your ear.
Tennis players can be fined up to $20,000 for swearing while playing at Wimbledon.
Only 5% of the ocean has been explored.
Most people fart around 14 to 23 times a day!
The following can be read forward and backward: Do geese see God?
A baby octopus is about the size of a flea when it is born.
A sheep, a duck, and a rooster were the first passengers to take a trip in a hot air balloon.
In Uganda, around 48% of the population is under 15 years of age.
On average, men get bored of a shopping trip after 26 minutes.
In the 16th Century, Turkish women could initiate divorce if their husbands didn't provide enough coffee.
Recycling just one tin can saves enough energy to watch television for 3 hours.
After the premiere of 16 and Pregnant, teen pregnancy rates dropped.
Squirrels cause approximately 10-20% of US power outages.
The Battle of Hastings didn't actually take place in Hastings.
Human blood cells have different lifespans.
A swarm of 20,000 bees followed a car for two days because their queen was stuck inside.
Eating carrots can turn your skin orange.
Bob Dylan's birth name was Robert Zimmerman.
A small child could swim through the veins of a blue whale.
The word "y'all" dates back to at least 1631.
J.K. Rowling chose the unusual name "Hermione" so young girls wouldn't be teased for being nerdy.
Hewlett-Packard's (also known as HP) name was decided in a coin toss in 1939.
The names of the Pokmon Hitmonlee and Hitmonchan are based on Bruce Lee and Jackie Chan.
Pigs are considered to be the world's fifth-smartest animal.
Pirates wore earrings because they believed they improved their eyesight.
The Twitter bird actually has a name  Larry.
Octopuses actually have six arms and two legs!
Pound cake got its name because the original recipe contained a pound of butter, sugar, flour, and eggs.
There are only two times that we know of that snow fell in the Sahara desert.
Mike Tyson once offered a zoo attendant $10,000 to let him fight a gorilla.
ABBA turned down 1 billion dollars to do a reunion tour.
Captive pandas may sometimes fake pregnancies.
The first alarm clock could only ring at 4 am.
Some insects and small birds see the world in slow motion.
A goat called William Windsor served as a Lance Corporal in the British Army.
The most venomous jellyfish in the world is the Irukandji.
March 20th is known as Snowman Burning Day.
Queen Elizabeth II can't sit on the Iron Throne from Game of Thrones.
There is an official Wizard of New Zealand.
An apple, potato, and onion all taste the same if you eat them with your nose plugged.
It's a common misconception that Vincent van Gogh only sold one painting in his lifetime.
A company in Poland makes dinnerware out of wheat so that you can eat your plate!
Michael Jackson offered to make a Harry Potter musical, but the offer was rejected.
The world record for stuffing drinking straws into your mouth at once is 650.
Nutella was invented just after WWII ended because chocolate was so expensive.
North Korea has its own space program.
According to Genesis 1:20-22, the chicken came before the egg.
Ants leave maps for other ants when they walk.
Tears contain a natural painkiller, which reduces pain and improves your mood.
Saturn is the only planet in our solar system that could float in water.
Male cats have longer tails than female cats.
George W. Bush was once a cheerleader.
In total, there are 205 bones in the skeleton of a horse.
Coca-Cola once bought all the website URLs that can be read as ahh, all the way up to 62 h's.
Each year there are more than 40,000 toilet-related injuries in the United States.
Strawberries can be red, yellow, green, or white.
Walt Disney World is the second-largest buyer of fireworks in the US.
Four people lived in a home for 6 months infested with about 2,000 brown recluse spiders, but none of them were harmed.
Madonna has brontophobia, which is the fear of thunder.
In June 2017, the Facebook community reached 2 billion active users.
Samuel L. Jackson requested a purple lightsaber in Star Wars to accept the part as Mace Windu.
Paraskavedekatriaphobia is the fear of Friday the 13th.
Kleenex tissues were originally used as filters in gas masks.
In 1998, Sony accidentally sold 700,000 camcorders that had the technology to see through people's clothes.
During your lifetime, you will spend around seventy-nine days brushing your teeth.
Ronald McDonald is "Donald McDonald" in Japan because it makes pronunciation easier for the Japanese.
Butterflies cannot fly if their body temperature is less than 86 degrees.
Neurons multiply at a rate 250,000 neurons per minute during early pregnancy.
Elephants have the longest pregnancy in the animal kingdom at 22 months. The longest human pregnancy on record is 17 months, 11 days.
A female oyster produces 100 million young in her lifetime, the typical hen lays 19 dozen eggs a year, and it is possible for one female cat to be responsible for the birth of 20,736 kittens in four years. Michelle Druggar holds the record for largest human family, having given birth to 17 children.
750ml of blood pumps through your brain every minute which is 15-20% of blood flow from the heart.
The human brain is about 75% water.
Dragonflies are capable of flying sixty miles per hour, making them one of the fastest insects. This is good since they are in a big hurry, as they only live about twenty-four hours.
Flies jump backwards during takeoff.
A housefly will regurgitate its food and eat it again.
Termites outweigh humans by almost ten to one.
A spider's web is not a home, but rather a trap for its food. They are as individual as snowflakes, with no two ever being the same. Some tropical spiders have built webs over eighteen feet across.
More people are afraid of spiders than death. Amazingly, few people are afraid of Champagne corks even though you are more likely to be killed by one than by a spider.
Your brain consumes 25 watts of power while you're awake. This amount of energy is enough to illuminate a lightbulb.
Intelligent people have more zinc and copper in their hair.
Possums have one of the shortest pregnancies at 16 days. The shortest human pregnancy to produce a healthy baby was 22 weeks, 6 days -- the baby was the length of a ballpoint pen.
The most poisonous spider is the black widow. Its venom is more potent than a rattlesnake's.
13% of Americans actually believe that some parts of the moon are made of cheese.
The world's youngest parents were 8 and 9 and lived in China in 1910.
Fish that live more than 800 meters below the ocean surface don't have eyes.
Butterflies range in size from a tiny 1/8 inch to a huge almost 12 inches.
Some Case Moth caterpillars (Psychidae) build a case around themselves that they always carry with them. It is made of silk and pieces of plants or soil.
Most household dust is made of dead skin cells.
One in eight million people has progeria, a disease that causes people to grow faster than they age.
The male seahorse carries the eggs until they hatch instead of the female.
Negative emotions such as anxiety and depression can weaken your immune system.
Stephen Hawking was born exactly 300 years after Galileo died.
Mercury is the only planet whose orbit is coplanar with its equator.
The Morgan's Sphinx Moth from Madagascar has a proboscis (tube mouth) that is 12 to 14 inches long to get the nectar from the bottom of a 12 inch deep orchid discovered by Charles Darwin.
Some moths never eat anything as adults because they don't have mouths. They must live on the energy they stored as caterpillars.
In 1958 Entomologist W.G. Bruce published a list of Arthropod references in the Bible. The most frequently named bugs from the Bible are: Locust: 24, Moth: 11, Grasshopper: 10, Scorpion: 10, Caterpillar: 9, and Bee: 4.
People eat insects  called "Entomophagy"(people eating bugs)  it has been practiced for centuries throughout Africa, Australia, Asia, the Middle East, and North, Central and South America. Why? Because many bugs are both protein-rich and good sources of vitamins, minerals and fats.
Grapes explode when you put them in the microwave. Go on, try it then
Peanuts are one of the ingredients of dynamite.
The average chocolate bar has 8 insects' legs in it.
In York, it is perfectly legal to shoot a Scotsman with a bow and arrow (except on Sundays)
No piece of square dry paper can be folded in half more than 7 times
The average human eats 8 spiders in their lifetime at night.
The Beetham Tower cost over 150 million to build.
The Beetham Tower has 47 floors.
"Stewardesses" is the longest word typed with only the left hand.
An average human loses about 200 head hairs per day.
Mexico City sinks about 10 inches a year
It's impossible to sneeze with your eyes open.
In France, a five year old child can buy an alcoholic drink in a bar
During the chariot scene in "Ben Hur," a small red car can be seen in the distance.
The glue on Israeli postage is certified kosher.
The top butterfly flight speed is 12 miles per hour. Some moths can fly 25 miles per hour!
The Brimstone butterfly (Gonepterix rhamni) has the longest lifetime of the adult butterflies: 9-10 months.
A Boeing 747s wingspan is longer than the Wright brother's first flight.
Representations of butterflies are seen in Egyptian frescoes at Thebes, which are 3,500 years old.
14% of all facts and statistics are made up and 27% of people know that fact.
Eskimos have over 15 words for the English word of 'Snow'
Butterflies can see red, green, and yellow.
Some people say that when the black bands on the Woolybear caterpillar are wide, a cold winter is coming.
Samuel Clemens (Mark Twain) was born on and died on days when Halley's Comet can be seen.
US Dollar bills are made out of cotton and linen.
The 57 on the Heinz ketchup bottle represents the number of pickle types the company once had.
Americans are responsible for about 1/5 of the world's garbage annually.
98% of all murders and rapes are by a close family member or friend of the victim.
A B-25 bomber crashed into the 79th floor of the Empire State Building on July 28, 1945.
The Declaration of Independence was written on hemp (marijuana) paper.
Benjamin Franklin was the fifth in a series of the youngest son of the youngest son.
Paraskevidekatriaphobia means fear of Friday the 13th, which occurs one to three times a year.
In Italy, 17 is considered an unlucky number. In Japan, 4 is considered an unlucky number.
In ancient Rome, when a man testified in court he would swear on his testicles.
The ZIP in "ZIP code" means Zoning Improvement Plan.
Coca-Cola contained Coca (whose active ingredient is cocaine) from 1885 to 1903.
It's estimated that at any one time around 0.7% of the world's population is drunk.
40% of McDonald's profits come from the sales of Happy Meals.
Every person, including identical twins, has a unique eye & tongue print along with their finger print.
The "spot" on the 7-Up logo comes from its inventor who had red eyes. He was an albino.
315 entries in Webster's 1996 dictionary were misspelled.
The "save" icon in Microsoft Office programs shows a floppy disk with the shutter on backwards.
Albert Einstein and Charles Darwin both married their first cousins
John Wilkes Booth's brother once saved the life of Abraham Lincoln's son.
Warren Beatty and Shirley McLaine are brother and sister.
Chocolate can kill dogs; it directly affects their heart and nervous system.
Daniel Boone hated coonskin caps.
55.1% of all US prisoners are in prison for drug offenses.
Most lipstick contains fish scales.
Dr. Seuss pronounced his name "soyce".
Ketchup was sold in the 1830s as medicine.
India has a Bill of Rights for cows.
American Airlines saved $40,000 in 1987 by taking out an olive from First Class salads.
About 200,000,000 M&Ms are sold each day in the United States.
Because metal was scarce, the Oscars given out during World War II were made of wood.
There are 318,979,564,000 possible combinations of the first four moves in Chess.
There are no clocks in Las Vegas gambling casinos.
Coconuts kill about 150 people each year. That's more than sharks.
Half of all bank robberies take place on a Friday.
The name Wendy was made up for the book Peter Pan. There was never a recorded Wendy before it.
The international telephone dialing code for Antarctica is 672.
The first bomb the Allies dropped on Berlin in WWII killed the only elephant in the Berlin Zoo.
The average raindrop falls at 7 miles per hour.
Bruce Lee was so fast that they had to slow the film down so you could see his moves.
IBM's motto is "Think". Apple later made their motto "Think different".
The original name for butterfly was flutterby.
One in fourteen women in America is a natural blonde. Only one in sixteen men is.
The Olympic was the sister ship of the Titanic, and she provided twenty-five years of service.
When the Titanic sank, 2228 people were on it. Only 706 survived.
Every day, 7% of the US eats at McDonald's.
During his entire life, Vincent Van Gogh sold exactly one painting, "Red Vineyard at Arles".
By raising your legs slowly and lying on your back, you cannot sink into quicksand.
One in ten people live on an island.
It takes more calories to eat a piece of celery than the celery has in it to begin with.
28% of Africa is classified as wilderness. In North America, its 38%.
Chewing gum while peeling onions will keep you from crying.
Humphrey Bogart NEVER said "Play it again, Sam" in Casablanca
They NEVER said "Beam me up, Scotty" on Star Trek.
Sharon Stone was the first Star Search spokes model.
More people are afraid of open spaces (kenophobia) than of tight spaces (claustrophobia).
There is a 1 in 4 chance that New York will have a white Christmas.
The Guinness Book of Records holds the record for being the book most often stolen from Libraries.
Thirty-five percent of the people who use personal ads for dating are already married.
$203,000,000 is spent on barbed wire each year in the U.S.
Every US president has worn glasses (just not always in public).
Bats always turn left when exiting a cave.
Jim Henson first coined the word "Muppet". It is a combination of "marionette" and "puppet."
The Michelin man is known as Mr. Bib. His name was Bibendum in the company's first ads in 1896.
The word "lethologica" describes the state of not being able to remember the word you want.
About 14% of injecting drug users are HIV positive.
A word or sentence that is the same front and back (racecar, kayak) is called a "palindrome".
People photocopying their buttocks are the cause of 23% of all photocopier faults worldwide.
One in every 9000 people is an albino.
There are about a million ants per person. Ants are very social animals and will live in colonies that can contain almost 500,000 ants.
The electric chair was invented by a dentist.
You share your birthday with at least 9 million other people in the world.
Everyday, more money is printed for Monopoly sets than for the U.S. Treasury.
Every year 4 people in the UK die putting their trousers on.
Cats have over one hundred vocal sounds; dogs only have about ten.
Rats multiply so quickly that in 18 months, two rats could have over million descendants.
Wearing headphones for just an hour will increase the bacteria in your ear by 700 times.
Each year in America there are about 300,000 deaths that can be attributed to obesity.
Many butterflies can taste with their feet to find out whether the leaf they sit on is good to lay eggs on to be their caterpillars' food or not.
There are more types of insects in one tropical rain forest tree than there are in the entire state of Vermont.
About 55% of all movies are rated R.
About 500 movies are made in the US and 800 in India annually.
Arabic numerals are not really Arabic; they were created in India.
The February of 1865 is the only month in recorded history not to have a full moon.
There is actually no danger in swimming right after you eat, though it may feel uncomfortable.
The cruise liner Queen Elizabeth II moves only six inches for each gallon of diesel that it burns.
More than 50% of the people in the world have never made or received a telephone call.
There are about 2 chickens for every human in the world.
The word "maverick" came into use after Samuel Maverick, a Texan refused to brand his cattle.
Two-thirds of the world's eggplant is grown in New Jersey.
Termites have been known to eat food twice as fast when heavy metal music is playing.
There are more beetles than any other animal. In fact, one out of every four animals is a beetle.
The rhinoceros beetle is the strongest animal and is capable of lifting 850 times its own weight.
On a Canadian two-dollar bill, the American flag is flying over the Parliament Building.
$283,200 is the absolute highest amount of money you can win on Jeopardy.
Almonds are members of the peach family.
Rats and horses can't vomit.
Winston Churchill was born in a ladies room during a dance.
Americans on average eat 18 acres of pizza every day.
Venus is the only planet that rotates clockwise.
Charlie Chaplin once won third prize in a Charlie Chaplin look-alike contest.
Every time you lick a stamp you consume 1/10 of a calorie.
You are more likely to be killed by a champagne cork than by a poisonous spider.
Hedenophobic means fear of pleasure.
Ancient Egyptian priests would pluck every hair from their bodies.
An ant always falls over on its right side when intoxicated.
All polar bears are left-handed.
The catfish has over 27000 taste buds (more than any other animal)
A cockroach will live nine days without its head before it starves to death.
Many insects can carry 50 times their own body weight. This would be like an adult person lifting two heavy cars full of people.
There are over a million described species of insects. Some people estimate there are actually between 15 and 30 million species.
Most insects are beneficial to people because they eat other insects, pollinate crops, are food for other animals, make products we use (like honey and silk) or have medical uses.
Butterflies and insects have their skeletons on the outside of their bodies, called the exoskeleton. This protects the insect and keeps water inside their bodies so they don't dry out.
Elephants are the only mammals that cannot jump.
11% of the world is left-handed.
A healthy (non-colorblind) human eye can distinguish between 500 shades of gray.
A pregnant goldfish is called a twit.
Lizards can self-amputate their tails for protection. It grows back after a few months.
Los Angeles' full name is "El Pueblo de Nuestra Senora la Reina de los Angeles de Porciuncula".
A honeybee can fly at fifteen miles per hour.
Tigers have striped skin, not just striped fur.
A "jiffy" is the scientific name for 1/100th of a second.
The average child recognizes over 200 company logos by the time he enters first grade.
The youngest pope ever was 11 years old.
The first novel ever written on a typewriter is Tom Sawyer.
A rhinoceros horn is made of compacted hair.
Elwood Edwards did the voice for the AOL sound files (i.e. "You've got Mail!").
A polar bears skin is black. Its fur is actually clear, but like snow it appears white.
Elvis had a twin brother named Garon, who died at birth, which is why Elvis middle name was Aron.
Dueling is legal in Paraguay as long as both parties are registered blood donors.
Donkeys kill more people than plane crashes.
If you keep a goldfish in the dark room, it will eventually turn white.
The name Jeep comes from "GP", the army abbreviation for General Purpose.
There are two credit cards for every person in the United States.
Cats' urine glows under a black light.
A "quidnunc" is a person who is eager to know the latest news and gossip.
Leonardo Da Vinci invented the scissors, the helicopter, and many other present day items.
In the last 4000 years no new animals have been domesticated.
25% of a human's bones are in its feet.
On average, 100 people choke to death on ballpoint pens every year.
"Canada" is an Indian word meaning "Big Village".
Only one in two billion people will live to be 116 or older.
Rape is reported every six minutes in the U.S.
A jellyfish is 95% water.
The world's longest snake (by reliable documentation) is the reticulated python, with a maximum length of, perhaps, 30 feet.
Common Cobra venom is not on the list of top 10 venoms yet it is still 40 times more toxic than cyanide.
The venom of the Australian Brown Snake is so powerful only 1/14,000th of an ounce is enough to kill a human.
Truck driving is the most dangerous occupation by accidental deaths (799 in 2001).
Banging your head against a wall uses 150 calories an hour.
Elephants only sleep for two hours each day.
On average people fear spiders more than they do death.
The strongest muscle in the human body is the tongue. (the heart is not a muscle)
In golf, a 'Bo Derek' is a score of 10.
In the U.S, Frisbees outsell footballs, baseballs and basketballs combined.
In most watch advertisements the time displayed on a watch is 10:10.
If you plant an apple seed, it is almost guaranteed to grow a tree of a different type of apple.
Al Capone's business card said he was a used furniture dealer.
The only real person to be a PEZ head was Betsy Ross.
There are about 450 types of cheese in the world. 240 come from France.
A dragonfly has a lifespan of 24 hours.
In Iceland, a Big Mac costs $5.50.
Broccoli and cauliflower are the only vegetables that are flowers.
There is no solid proof of who built the Taj Mahal.
In a survey of 200000 ostriches over 80 years, not one tried to bury its head in the sand.
A dime has 118 ridges around the edge. A quarter has 119.
"Judge Judy" has a $25,000,000 salary, while Supreme Court Justice Ginsberg has a $190,100 salary.
Andorra, a tiny country between France & Spain, has the longest average lifespan: 83.49 years.
In America you will see an average of 500 advertisements a day.
John Lennon's first girlfriend was named Thelma Pickles.
You can lead a cow upstairs but not downstairs.
The average person falls asleep in seven minutes.
"The sixth sick sheik's sixth sheep's sick" is said to be the toughest tongue twister in English.
There are 336 dimples on a regulation US golf ball. In the UK its 330.
"Duff" is the decaying organic matter found on a forest floor.
The US has more personal computers than the next 7 countries combined.
Kuwait is about 60% male (highest in the world). Latvia is about 54% female (highest in the world).
The Hawaiian alphabet has only 12 letters.
In 10 minutes, a hurricane releases more energy than all the world's nuclear weapons combined.
At the height of its power in 400 BC, the Greek city of Sparta had 25,000 citizens and 500,000 slaves.
Julius Caesar's autograph is worth about $2,000,000.
People say "bless you" when you sneeze because your heart stops for a millisecond.
US gold coins used to say "In Gold We Trust".
In "Silence of the Lambs", Hannibal Lector (Anthony Hopkins) never blinks.
In the 17th century, the value of pi was known to 35 decimal places. Today, to 1.2411 trillion.
Pearls melt in vinegar.
"Lassie" was played by a group of male dogs; the main one was named Pal.
Nepal is the only country that doesn't have a rectangular flag.
Switzerland is the only country with a square flag.
Antarctica is the only continent on which no Lepidoptera have been found.
There are about 24,000 species of butterflies. The moths are even more numerous: about 140,000 species of them were counted all over the world.
Gabriel, Michael, and Lucifer are the only angels named in the Bible.
Johnny Appleseed planted apples so that people could use apple cider to make alcohol.
Abraham Lincoln's ghost is said to haunt the White House.
God is not mentioned once in the book of Esther.
The odds of being born male are about 51.2%, according to census.
Scotland has more redheads than any other part of the world.
There is an average of 61,000 people airborne over the US at any given moment.
Prince Charles and Prince William never travel on the same airplane in case there is a crash.
The most popular first name in the world is Muhammad.
The surface of the Earth is about 60% water and 10% ice.
For every 230 cars that are made, 1 will be stolen.
Jimmy Carter was the first U.S. President to be born in a hospital.
Lightning strikes the earth about 8 million times a day.
Humans use a total of 72 different muscles in speech.
If you feed a seagull Alka-Seltzer, its stomach will explode.
Only female mosquitoes bite.
The U.S. Post Office handles 43 percent of the world's mail.
Venus and Uranus are the only planets that rotate opposite to the direction of their orbit.
John Adams, Thomas Jefferson, and James Monroe died on July 4th.
Baby Ruth candy bar was named after Grover Cleveland's daughter, Ruth, not the baseball player.
Dolphins can look in different directions with each eye. They can sleep with one eye open.
The Falkland Isles (pop. about 2000) has over 700000 sheep (350 per person).
There are 41,806 different spoken languages in the world today.
The city of Venice stands on about 120 small islands.
The past-tense of the English word "dare" is "durst"
Beetles taste like apples, wasps like pine nuts, and worms like fried bacon.
Of all the words in the English language, the word 'set' has the most definitions!
What is called a "French kiss" in the English speaking world is known as an "English kiss" in France.
"Almost" is the longest word in the English language with all the letters in alphabetical order.
"Rhythm" is the longest English word without a vowel.
In 1386, a pig in France was executed by public hanging for the murder of a child
A cockroach can live several weeks with its head cut off!
You can't kill yourself by holding your breath
There is a city called Rome on every continent.
Your heart beats over 100,000 times a day!
The skeleton of Jeremy Bentham is present at all important meetings of the University of London
Your ribs move about 5 million times a year, every time you breathe!
One quarter of the bones in your body, are in your feet!
Like fingerprints, everyone's tongue print is different!
Fingernails grow nearly 4 times faster than toenails!
Most dust particles in your house are made from dead skin!
Present population of 5 billion plus people of the world is predicted to become 15 billion by 2080.
Adolf Hitler was a vegetarian, and had only ONE testicle.
Honey is the only food that does not spoil.
Months that begin on a Sunday will always have a "Friday the 13th."
Coca-Cola would be green if coloring weren't added to it.
On average a hedgehog's heart beats 300 times a minute.
More people are killed each year from bees than from snakes.
The average lead pencil will draw a line 35 miles long or write approximately 50,000 English words.
More people are allergic to cow's milk than any other food.
Camels have three eyelids to protect themselves from blowing sand.
The placement of a donkey's eyes in it's' heads enables it to see all four feet at all times!
The six official languages of the U.N. are: English, French, Arabic, Chinese, Russian and Spanish.
Earth is the only planet not named after a god.
It's against the law to burp, or sneeze in a church in Nebraska, USA.
You're born with 300 bones, but by the time you become an adult, you only have 206.
Some worms will eat themselves if they can't find any food!
The world's oldest piece of chewing gum is 9000 years old!
The longest recorded flight of a chicken is 13 seconds
Owls are the only birds that can see the color blue.
A man named Charles Osborne had the hiccups for 69 years!
A giraffe can clean its ears with its 21-inch tongue!
The average person laughs 10 times a day!
The Bible, the world's best-selling book, is also the world's most shoplifted book.
Someone paid $14,000 for the bra worn by Marilyn Monroe in the film 'Some Like It Hot'.
Your tongue is the only muscle in your body that is attached at only one end.
More than 1,000 different languages are spoken on the continent of Africa.
Buckingham Palace in England has over six hundred rooms.
There was once an undersea post office in the Bahamas.
Ninety percent of New York City cabbies are recently arrived immigrants.
It's possible to lead a cow upstairs...but not downstairs.
No word in the English language rhymes with "MONTH".
Average life span of a major league baseball: 7 pitches.
Our eyes are always the same size from birth, but our nose and ears never stop growing.
"Go." is the shortest complete sentence in the English language.
The "pound" key on your keyboard () is called an octotroph.
The only domestic animal not mentioned in the Bible is the cat.
Table tennis balls have been known to travel off the paddle at speeds up to 160 km/hr.
Pepsi originally contained pepsin, thus the name.
The original story from "Tales of 1001 Arabian Nights" begins, "Aladdin was a little Chinese boy."
Nutmeg is extremely poisonous if injected intravenously.
Honey is the only natural food that is made without destroying any kind of life.
The volume of the earth's moon is the same as the volume of the Pacific Ocean.
Cephalacaudal recapitulation is the reason our extremities develop faster than the rest of us.
Chinese Crested dogs can get acne.
Each year there is one ton of cement poured for each man woman and child in the world.
The house fly hums in the middle octave key of F.
The only capital letter in the Roman alphabet with exactly one end point is P.
The giant red star Betelgeuse has a diameter larger than that of the Earth's orbit around the sun.
Hummingbirds are the only animals that can fly backwards.
A cat's jaw cannot move sideways.
The human heart creates enough pressure when it pumps out to the body to squirt blood 30 feet.
The flea can jump 350 times its body length. It's like a human jumping the length of a football field.
Some lions mate over 50 times a day.
The average person's left hand does 56% of the typing.
The longest one-syllable word in the English language is "screeched."
All of the clocks in the movie "Pulp Fiction" are stuck on 4:20.
Maine is the only state (in USA) whose name is just one syllable.
The giant squid has the largest eyes in the world.
In England, the Speaker of the House is not allowed to speak.
Mr. Rogers was an ordained minister.
A rat can last longer without water than a camel.
A female ferret will die if it goes into heat and cannot find a mate.
A 2" X 4" is really 1-1/2" by 3-1/2".
On average, 12 newborns will be given to the wrong parents daily.
There are no words in the dictionary that rhyme with orange, purple, silver and month.
The caterpillars of some Snout Moths (Pyralididae) live in or on water-plants.
The females of some moth species lack wings, all they can do to move is crawl.
If one places a tiny amount of liquor on a scorpion, it will instantly go mad and sting itself to death.
The first CD pressed in the US was Bruce Springsteen's "Born in the USA."
Sherlock Holmes NEVER said, "Elementary, my dear Watson."
California consumes more bottled water than any other product.
California has issued 6 drivers licenses to people named "Jesus Christ."
In 1980, a Las Vegas hospital suspended workers for betting on when patients would die.
Nevada is the driest state in the U.S.. Each year it averages 7.5 inches (19 cm) of rain.
In Utah, it is illegal to swear in front of a dead person.
Salt Lake City, Utah has a law against carrying an unwrapped ukulele on the street.
Arizona was the last of the 48 adjoining continental states to enter the Union.
It is illegal to hunt camels in the state of Arizona.
Wyoming was the first state to give women the right to vote in 1869.
Denver, Colorado lays claim to the invention of the cheeseburger.
The first license plate on a car in the United States was issued in Denver, Colorado in 1908.
The state of Maryland has no natural Lakes.
Illinois has the highest number of personalized license plates than any other state.
Residents of Houston, Texas lead the U.S. in eating out - approximately 4.6 times per week.
Laredo, Texas is the U.S.'s farthest inland port.
Rugby, North Dakota is the geographical center of North America.
Butte County, South Dakota is the geographical center of the U.S.
Louisiana's capital building is the tallest one of any U.S. state.
Hawaii is the only coffee producing state.
One in seven workers in Boston, Massachusetts walks to work.
The "Dull Men's Hall of Fame" is located in Carroll, Wisconsin.
Gary, Indiana is the murder capital of the U.S. - probably the world.
Alabama was the first state to recognize Christmas as an official holiday.
The largest NFL stadium is the Pontiac Silverdome in Detroit, Michigan.
Michigan was the first state to have roadside picnic tables.
No matter where you stand in Michigan, you are never more than 85 miles from a Great Lake.
The official beverage of Ohio is tomato juice.
Georgia's state motto is "Wisdom, Justice and Moderation."
The U.S. city with the highest rate of lightning strikes per capita is Clearwater, Florida.
It's illegal to spit on the sidewalk in Norfolk, Virginia.
The first streetlights in America were installed in Philadelphia around 1757.
The highest point in Pennsylvania is lower than the lowest point in Colorado.
If you were to take a taxicab from New York City to Los Angeles, it would cost you $8,325.
In New York State, it is illegal to but any alcohol on Sundays before noon.
There were 240 pedestrian fatalities in New York City in 1994.
Columbia University is the second largest landowner in New York City, after the Catholic Church.
Maine is the only state that has borders with only one other state.
The first McDonald's restaurant in Canada was in Richmond, British Columbia.
In 1984, a Canadian farmer began renting advertising space on his cows.
There are more donut shops in Canada per capita than any other country.
0.3% of all road accidents in Canada involve a Moose.
In the great fire of London in 1666 half of London was burnt down but only 6 people were injured.
In Quebec, there is an old law that states margarine must be a different color than butter.
The largest taxi fleet in the world is found in Mexico City. The city boasts a fleet of over 60,000 taxis.
More than 90% of the Nicaraguan people are Roman Catholic.
Cuba is the only island in the Caribbean to have a railroad.
Jamaica has the most churches per square mile than any other country in the world.
The angel falls in Venezuela are nearly 20 times taller than Niagara Falls.
Canada is the only country not to win a gold medal in the summer Olympic games while hosting.
The Amazon is the world's largest river, 3,890 miles (6,259 km) long.
The town of Calma, Chile in the Atacama Desert has never had rain.
The people of France eat more cheese than any other country in the world.
King Louis XIX ruled France for 15 minutes.
The most common name in Italy is Mario Rossi.
Greece's national anthem has 158 verses.
In ancient Greece "idiot" meant a private citizen or layman.
Bulgarians are known to be the biggest yogurt eaters in the world.
Czechs are the biggest consumers of beer per male in the world.
A Czech man, Jan Honza Zampa, holds the record for drinking one liter of beer in 4.11 seconds.
Netherlands is the only country with a national dog.
When we think of Big Ben in London, we think of the clock. Actually, it's the bell.
The Automated Teller Machine (ATM) was introduced in England in 1965.
Buckingham Palace has 602 rooms.
Icelanders consume more Coca-Cola per Capita than any other nation.
Until 1997, there were more pigs than people in Denmark.
There is a hotel in Sweden built entirely out of ice; it is rebuilt every year.
Sweden has the least number of murders annually.
The country code for Russia is "007".
Russians generally answer the phone by saying, "I'm listening".
The U.S. bought Alaska for 2 cents an acre from Russia.
1 in 5 of the world's doctors are Russian.
Antarctica is the only continent that does not have land areas below sea level.
The people of Israel consume more turkeys per capita than any other country.
Nepal is the only country that has a non-rectangular flag. It is also asymmetrical.
1,800 cigarettes are smoked per person each year in China.
Respiratory Disease is China's leading cause of death.
There are more than 40,000 characters in the Chinese script.
More people speak English in China than the United States.
The toothbrush was invented in China in 1498.
Mongolia is the largest landlocked country.
Vatican City is the smallest country in the world, with a population of 1000 and just 108.7 acres.
In Japan, watermelons are squared. It's easier to stack them that way.
98% of Japanese are cremated.
The number "four" is considered unlucky in Japan because it is pronounced the same as "death".
The average Japanese household watches more than 10 hours of television a day.
The Philippines has about 7,100 islands, of which only about 460 are more than 1 square mile in area.
Yo-yos were used as weapons by warriors in the Philippines in the 16th century.
Australian soldiers used the song "We're Off to See the Wizard" as a marching song in WWII.
The Australian $5 to $100 notes are made of plastic.
The Nullarbor Plain of Australia covers 100,000 square miles (160,900 km) without a tree.
Tasmania, Australia has the cleanest air in the inhabited world.
The first female guest host of "Saturday Night Live" was Candace Bergen.
In 1933, Mickey Mouse, an animated cartoon character, received 800,000 fan letters.
The Simpsons is the longest running animated series on TV.
The first toilet ever seen on television was on "Leave It to Beaver."
In every episode of Seinfeld there is a Superman somewhere.
The average human brain has about 100 billion nerve cells.
Nerve impulses to and from the brain travel as fast as 170 miles (274 km) per hour.
The thyroid cartilage is more commonly known as the adams apple.
Your stomach needs to produce a new layer of mucus every two weeks or it would digest itself.
The average life of a taste bud is 10 days.
The average cough comes out of your mouth at 60 miles (96.5 km) per hour.
Relative to size, the strongest muscle in the body is the tongue.
When you sneeze, all your bodily functions stop even your heart.
Babies are born without knee caps. They don't appear until the child reaches 2-6 years of age.
Right handed people live, on average, nine years longer than left handed people do.
Children grow faster in the springtime.
It takes the stomach an hour to break down cows' milk.
Women blink nearly twice as much as men.
Blondes have more hair than dark-haired people do.
There are 10 human body parts that are only 3 letters long (eye hip arm leg ear toe jaw rib lip gum).
If you go blind in one eye you only lose about one fifth of your vision but all your sense of depth.
The average human head weighs about 8 pounds.
In the average lifetime, a person will walk the equivalent of 5 times around the equator.
An average human scalp has 100,000 hairs.
The average human blinks their eyes 6,205,000 times each year.
Your skull is made up of 29 different bones.
Ancient Egyptians shaved off their eyebrows to mourn the deaths of their cats.
Hair is made from the same substance as fingernails.
The surface of the human skin is 6.5 square feet (2m).
15 million blood cells are destroyed in the human body every second.
The pancreas produces Insulin.
The most sensitive cluster of nerves is at the base of the spine.
The human body is comprised of 80% water.
The average human will shed 40 pounds of skin in a lifetime.
Human thighbones are stronger than concrete.
There are 45 miles of nerves in the skin of a human being.
Canadian researchers have found that Einstein's brain was 15% wider than normal.
While in Alcatraz, Al Capone was inmate 85.
Astronaut Neil Armstrong first stepped on the moon with his left foot.
Jim Morrison, of the 60's rock group The Doors, was the first rock star to be arrested on stage.
Frank Lloyd Wright's son invented Lincoln Logs.
Peter Falk, who played "Columbo," has a glass eye.
Barbie's full name is "Babara Millicent Roberts."
The mother of Michael Nesmith of "The Monkees" invented whiteout.
Isaac Asimov is the only author to have a book in every Dewey-decimal category.
Shakespeare invented the word "assassination" and "bump."
It is believed that Leonardo Da Vinci invented the scissors.
The shortest British monarch was Charles I, who was 4 feet 9 inches.
Tina Turner's real name is Annie Mae Bullock.
Beethoven dipped his head in cold water before he composed.
President John F Kennedy could read 4 newspapers in 20 minutes.
Bob Dylan's real name is Robert Zimmerman.
Sigmund Freud had a morbid fear of ferns.
Anne Boleyn, Queen Elizabeth I's mother, had six fingers on one hand.
Orville Wright was involved in the first aircraft accident. His passenger, a Frenchman, was killed.
The sound of E.T. walking was made by someone squishing her hands in jelly.
Cher's last name was "Sarkissian." She changed it because no one could pronounce it.
Sugar was first added to chewing gum in 1869 by a dentist, William Semple.
Paper was invented early in the second century by Chinese eunuch.
Sir Isaac Newton was only 23 years old when he discovered the law of universal gravitation.
Hannibal had only one eye after getting a disease while attacking Rome.
A blue whales heart only beats nine times per minute.
A cat uses its whiskers to determine if a space is too small to squeeze through.
A chameleon's tongue is twice the length of its body.
A crocodiles tongue is attached to the roof of its mouth.
Rodent's teeth never stop growing.
A shark can detect one part of blood in 100 million parts of water.
The penguin is the only bird that can swim but can't fly.
The cheetah is the only cat that can't retract its claws.
Cats have over 100 vocal sounds; dogs only have 10.
A mole can dig a tunnel 300 feet (91 m) long in just one night.
Insects outnumber humans 100,000,000 to one.
Sharkskin has tiny tooth-like scales all over.
Chameleons can move their eyes in two directions at the same time.
Koalas never drink water. They get fluids from the eucalyptus leaves they eat.
A cow gives nearly 200,000 glasses of milk in her lifetime.
When sharks take a bite, their eyes roll back and their teeth jut out.
Camels chew in a figure 8 pattern.
Proportional to their size, cats have the largest eyes of all mammals.
Sailfish can leap out of the water and into the air at a speed of 50 miles (81 km) per hour.
The catfish has the most taste buds of all animals, having over 27,000 of them.
A skunk's smell can be detected by a human a mile away.
A lion in the wild usually makes no more than 20 kills a year.
In space, astronauts cannot cry, because there is no gravity, so the tears can't flow.
The state of Florida is bigger than England.
One in every 4 Americans has appeared on television.
The average American/Canadian will eat about 11.9 pounds of cereal per year!
There are over 58 million dogs in the US
Dogs and cats consume over $11 billion worth of pet food a year
Baby robins eat 14 feet of earthworms every day
In Raiders of the Lost Ark there is a wall carving of R2-D2 and C-3P0 behind the ark
"I" is the most spoken word in the English language
"You" is the second most spoken English word
Spain leads the world in cork production
There are 1,792 steps in the Eiffel Tower
There is a city in Norway called "Hell"
The human feet perspire half a pint of fluid a day
An Olympic gold medal must contain 92.5 percent silver
There are 240 dots on an arcade Pac-Man game
The San Francisco Cable cars are the only mobile National Monuments
Lee Harvey Oswald's cadaver tag sold at an auction for $6,600 in 1992.
A pound of houseflies contains more protein than a pound of beef
The average American works 24,000 hours in their lifetime just to pay their taxes
40% of all people who come to a party in your home snoop in your medicine cabinet
A duck's quack doesn't echo, and no one knows why.
Non-dairy creamer is flammable.
Pinocchio is Italian for "pine head."
There are more than 10 million bricks in the Empire State Building.
The World's Oldest Hotel Has Been Operating Since 705 A.D.
Yawning Cools Your Brain
It Takes 68 Days to Swim the Full Length of the Mississippi River
There Is a Boston Typewriter Orchestra
Fleas Are Among the World's Best Jumpers
An Apple Can Last up to 10 Months
The Word "Tragedy" Comes from an Ancient Greek Word Meaning "Goat Song"
The Creator of the Pringles Can is Buried in One
The Wizard of Oz's Full Name is Oscar Zoroaster Phadrig Isaac Norman Henkel Emmannuel Ambroise Diggs
Penguins Used to Be Six Feet Tall
A Brewery in Canada Makes Beer Using Water from 20,000-Year-Old Icebergs
The Slinky Was Created by Accident
At Any Given Moment, There Are Approximately 2,000 Thunderstorms Happening on Earth
Michelangelo Hated Painting the Sistine Chapel and Wrote a Poem About It
The Letter Z Was Removed from the Alphabet for 200 Years
The National Hot Dog and Sausage Council Ruled that Hot Dogs Aren't Sandwiches
A Coffee Taster Had His Tongue Insured for 10 Million
The Chills You Get When Listening to Music Are Caused by Your Brain Releasing Dopamine
More People Tuned Into Prince Charles and Princess Diana's Wedding Than for the Friends, Cheers, Seinfeld, and M*A*S*H finales combined
There are 10 Different Ways to Pronounce the Letters "Ough"
The Word for Black Belt in Japanese Translates to "First Step"
The World's Largest Pumpkin Weighs More Than a Sports Car
"Natiform" Is a Term for Something That Looks Like a Bum
Doctors Who Play Video Games More Than Three Hours a Week Make Fewer Operating Room Errors
The Average American Woman Owns Seven Pairs of Jeans and Only Wears Four
Dolly Parton Lost a Dolly Parton Lookalike Contest
An NFL Referee Can Also Get a Super Bowl Ring
The Lines on the Inside of Your Wrist Have a Name
New York City Is Going to Get Bigger to Prepare for Climate Change
A Sneeze Sounds Different Around the World
A Belgian Pigeon Named Armando is Worth $1.4 Million
Mars Exploration Has Its Own Scottish Tartan
There Are More Than 60 Different Species of Eagles But Only Two Live in North America
A Symbol Used in Place of a Curse Word Is Called a Grawlix
Hairiness is Correlated With a Higher I.Q.
Spam Mail Got Its Name from Monty Python
Facebook's Blue Color Scheme is for Mark Zuckerberg's Benefit
A Pianist Set a Guinness World Record by Performing at a Record-Breaking Height in Honor of her Mom
Picasso Was a Suspect in the 1911 Mona Lisa Theft
President Obama is a Two-Time Grammy Winner
There's a Word for When You Can't Remember a Word
The Record Lowest Temperature in the U.S. Was -80F
Male Monkeys Will Pay to Look at Female Monkeys
A "Ghost Word" Is a Word that Became a Word by Error
Legal Sea Food's Clam Chowder Has Been Served at Every Presidential Inauguration Since Reagan
The Burnt Part of a Candlewick Is Called the "Snaste"
Horseshoe Crabs Have Eyes All Over Their Bodies
Lenny Kravitz and Al Roker Are Related
Cheese May Prevent Nightmares
French Poodles Aren't French
Night Owls Tend to Be Smarter Than Early Birds
Every Dutch Police Car Has a Teddy Bear in It
There Is a Blonde Zebra in Africa
It's Illegal to Sell Photos of the Eiffel Tower at Night
There's a Patron Saint for Dentists
Hawaiian Pizza is Canadian
David Hasselhoff's Divorce Settlement Included Ownership of the Nickname "The Hoff"
The World's Longest Fingernails Are More Than Two Feet Long
Neanderthals Mass Produced Tools in a "Flintstone Factory" 60,000 Years Ago
Three Presidents Have Died on July 4th
Scientists Believe They've Found Fossils from the Day the Asteroid Killed the Dinosaurs
Barry Manilow Wrote the State Farm and Band-Aid Jingles
The "ManhattAnt" Is a Species of Ant Unique to New York City
Mr. Clean's Name Changes Around the Globe
Goats Have Unique Accents
The Earth Weighs About 13,170,000,000,000,000,000,000,000 Pounds
The World's Oldest Tortoise is Twice as Old as Queen Elizabeth
Charles Dickens Always Had His Bed Facing North
One Region in Canada Has Lower Gravity Than Other Parts of the World
350 Slices of Pizza Sell Every Second in America
The World's Largest Waterfall Is Underwater in the Ocean
It Only Appears as if Our Hair and Nails Keep Growing After We Die
The World's Fist Hamburger Was Actually a Smushed Meatball
Ernest Hemingway's Former Home is Overrun With Cats
Tiny Pumpkin Toadlets Have a Glow-in-the-Dark Skeleton
"Aviation English" Is the Language All Pilots Must Speak, No Matter What Nationality They Are
Otters Hold Hands
Early Americans Used Corn Cobs as Toilet Paper
Ketchup Used to Be Considered a Medicine
Polar Bears Don't Have White Skin or Fur
Sudan Has Almost Twice as Many Pyramids as Egypt
Barbie and Ken Have Full Names
About 1 Out of Every 2,000 Babies Is Born With a Tooth
T-Mobile Owns the Color Magenta
The Only Words That Rhyme With "Purple" Are "Hirple" and "Curple"
The Spanish National Anthem Has No Lyrics
A Cat's Ear Has 32 Muscles
The Vatican's ATMs Are in Latin
There Are Frogs Smaller Than Your Fingernails
Spotted Skunks Do Handstands
A "Gowpen" Is What You Call It When You Cup Your Hands
There's a Town in Western New York Populated by Psychics
Asteroids Named After Tom Hanks and Meg Ryan Met Up Near Earth
Dirty Dancing: Havana Nights Was Originally a Political Movie
San Francisco is Mostly Water
Early Horses Had 14 Toes Total, While Modern Horses Only Have Four
Shakespeare Popularized the Name Jessica
There is a Hot Pink Lake in Australia
There Has Been One Documented Albino Penguin Chick
Stephen King Bought-and Smashed-the Automobile That Nearly Killed Him
The Empire State Building Has Its Own ZIP Code
Chuck E. Cheese is a Nickname
A Dog's Nose Is the Equivalent of a Human Fingerprint
"She Sells Seashells by the Seashore" Was Likely Written About a 1800s Female Paleontologist Who Sold Dinosaur Bones
The Color Orange Was Named After the Fruit
The Largest Sand Castle Ever Can Be Seen from Space
George Washington Was a Prolific Whiskey Maker
New York's Washington Square Park is a Former Graveyard
Jerry Springer Was Born in a London Subway Station During World War II
There's an Opposite of Deja Vu
Selfies Kill More People Than Sharks
There Are Seven U.S. Towns Named After Santa
There Are More Than a Million Ants For Every Person on Earth
Dextrophobia Is the Fear of Having Objects to Your Right
Andrew Jackson Owned a Lewd Parrot
The Longest Underwater Kiss Lasted 20 Minutes and 11 Seconds
Christmas With the KranksWas Inspired by John Grisham
Aquatic Snail Teeth Are the Hardest Natural Material
Elephants Bury Their Dead
Jane Austen Referenced Baseball 40 Years Before it Was Officially Invented
Purdue University Created a Licking Machine to Finish Tootsie Pops
A British Man Created an All-Lego House
A Cat Served as the Mayor of an Alaska Town
You Can See Four States from the Top of Chicago's Willis Tower
Champagne Was Once Used as Shoe Polish
Astronauts Celebrate Christmas in Space
The Inventor of the Internet Regrets the URL Setup
The Pacific Ocean Houses a Mysterious Singing Whale
Sea Cucumbers Fight by Shooting Out Their Internal Organs Which Will Grow Back
Dentistry Is One of the Oldest Professions, Dating Back to 7000 B.C.
The Word "Computer" Was Used to Refer to a Person in the 1600s
Darth Vader Never Says "Luke, I Am Your Father"
The Very Middle of America is 2 Miles Northwest of Lebanon, Kansas on a Pig Farm
Bulls Can't See Red
Platypuses Moms Nurse Their Babies By Sweating Milk
There's an Island in Japan Almost Entirely Populated by Bunnies
British Military Tanks Are Equipped With a Tea-Making Area
Daniel Radcliffe Was Allergic to Harry Potter's Glasses
Most Wasabi Paste Isn't Real Wasabi
Avocados Don't Ripen on Trees
Olympic Gold Medals Are Only Partially Gold
There's Only One Flying Mammal in the World
You Need 10 Years of Cheesemaking Experience to Even Apply to Become a Master Cheesemaker
You're Most Likely to Die on Your Birthday
Your Dog Is as Smart as Your Toddler
McDonald's Serves Spaghetti in the Philippines
Google Was Nearly Called BackRub
The Winner of the North American Wife Carrying Championship Gets Their Spouse's Weight in Beer
Turkeys Sing
Pizza Hut Used to Buy More Kale Than Anyone in the U.S.
Divers Found the Remains of a 27,000-Year-Old Giant Sloth Stuck in a Sinkhole
A Flock of Ravens Is Called an "Unkindness" or a "Conspiracy"
In Michigan, You're Never Further than Six Miles from a Body of Water
Cell Phones Are Illegal in One West Virginia Town
A Grizzly-Polar Bear Hybrid Is Either Called a "Grolar Bear" or "Pizzly Bear"
"Albert Einstein" Is an Anagram for "Ten Elite Brains"
Waffle House Informs FEMA Decisions
The Bigger Your Brain, the Longer You Yawn
There's a Flower Shop in the White House
The Pittsburgh Pirates Considered Building Their Stadium Over a River
The First 3D Film Was Shown in 1922
Ostriches Can Outrun Horses
Robert Downey, Jr. Used to Be Mr. Peanut's Voice
Theres Is a Global Drone Racing League for Elite Drone Pilots
Canada Has a Completely Indoor Town
The Largest Collection of Comic Books Is Nearly 102,000 Strong
Owls Have Three Sets of Eyelids
Bla Lugosi Was Buried in His Dracula Costume
The World's Largest Teddy Bear Collection Numbers More Than 8,000
Two of John Tyler's Grandsons Are Still Alive
Cockroaches Can Survive Decapitation
One Year on Uranus Is 84 Years on Earth
In an Average Grocery Store, One-Quarter of All the Products Contain Ingredients That Come from Corn
You Can Die From Laughter
A Blue Whale's Heart is More Than Five Feet Long
A 3,500-Year-Old Tablet May Contain the World's Oldest "Yo Mama" Joke
Spiders Can Regrow Their Legs
Steve Jobs' Last Words Were Awe-Inspired
The Scientific Name for a "Brain Freeze" is Sphenopalatine Ganglioneuralgia
Cows Get Excited When They Problem Solve
Nearly One-Third of Alaska Lies Within the Arctic Circle
Roses Can Grow Taller Than People
No Two Tigers Have the Same Stripes
Sharks Can Grow Thousands of Teeth
Your Left Lung Is Smaller than Your Right Lung
The Killer's "Mr. Brightside" Lyrics Repeat Because of Procrastination
Early Pacemakers Had Wall Plugs
Arizona's Meteor Crater Is Actually Named After a Post Office
More Than 95 Percent of Passengers Involved in Plane Crashes Survive
U.S. Paper Money Contains Hundreds of Species of Microorganisms
New Hampshire Drinks the Most Alcohol of Any State
Green Bay, Washington, Is Known as the "Toilet Paper Capital of the World"
Betty White Predates Sliced Bread
Random Facts Infographics
Rubber bands will last much longer when they are refrigerated.
There are 293 ways to make change for a dollar.
The Grand Theft Auto franchise has lawsuits that total over $1 billion.
All clocks in Pulp Fiction are set to 4:20.
A dime has 118 ridges on its edge.
On average, a secretary will use its left hand for 56% of what they type on a keyboard.
The largest pair of eyes in the world belongs to the giant squid.
The Pokemon Rhydon was the first to ever be created.
Super Mario Land was the most popular game on the Game Boy during its release.
The dot over the small letter 'i' is called a title.
Japan has 23 vending machines per person.
Soccer balls were once used for playing basketball.
A candle's flame is hot and blue in zero gravity.
Putting sugar on a cut will make it heal faster.
X-rays can't detect real diamonds.
There are 7 different types of twins.
The national flag of Libya was formerly just the color green.
The plastic tips of shoelaces are called aglets.
Sign language has tongue twisters.
Penguins fly underwater.
Minnie the Mouse's first name is not Minnie.
Rudolph the Reindeer is female.
A jiffy is a proper unit of time.
April 11, 1954, was recorded as the most boring day in the world.
Tiramisu translates to 'take me to heaven' in Italian.
Buttermilk does not contain any butter.
Brunch was invented as a way of curing hangovers.
Hitler's nephew betrayed him.
The continental plates move at the same rate that fingernails grow.
Sailors working for the Royal Navy need special permission to grow their beards.
There are fewer stars than there are trees on Earth.
Mary and James are the most popular names around the world.
Children are born less frequently on Saturdays.
Danish mothers are known to be the most hardworking moms in the world.
75 burgers are sold in McDonald's every second.
1,700 people become millionaires every day in the U.S.
You can't hum while holding your nose.
You are more likely to have a weird or scary dream when sleeping on your stomach.
Your eyeballs do not grow or change their size as you age.
Blue-eyed people have higher alcohol tolerance.
Pubic hair lives for about 3 weeks long.
Male bees can only mate once.
Smelling green apples help with weight loss.
A snail has 2,500 teeth.
You can die from staying up for two weeks straight.
Pigeons can't fart.
Space partly smells like diesel fuel and barbeque.
One strand of hair can hold up to 3 ounces of weight.
Watching horror movies before viewing abstract art will enhance the experience.
Children's book author, Roald Dahl was a spy.
NASCAR drivers lose weight while racing.
Indians read the most in the world.
Cap'n Crunch was once sued for not using real berries.
Cap'n Crunch's full name is Horatio Magellan Crunch.
The most widely printed book in the world is the catalog for IKEA.
Crocodiles are one of the planet's oldest living creatures.
The Aurora Borealis has a sister phenomenon.
The salty taste of bacon isn't natural.
There was a fifth member of the Beatles.
Apple once had a clothing line.
3 Musketeer chocolate bars used to have 3 flavors.
You cannot crack your knuckles.
The bones of the human body can multiply in density.
Your funny bone is a nerve.
A french pig was executed for killing a child.
Pineapples are named after pinecones.
Scotland has over 400 words to refer to snow.
There are more than 200 flavors of Kit Kat in Japan.
New Zealand was once auctioned on eBay.
There is a city in Oregon called Boring.
Leeches were used to predict the weather.
The '?!' punctuation mark has a term.
Only owning one guinea pig is illegal in Switzerland.
A man in Florida once threw a live alligator through a drive-thru window.
Great Britain once had a number where you can report rogue traffic cones.
The largest recorded snowflake is 15 inches wide.
American Airlines saved money by getting rid of olives from their meals.
'OMG' was first used in a letter to Winston Churchill in 1917.
Sailors consider black cats good luck.
A janitor invented the flaming hot Cheetos.
North Korean teachers were required to play the accordion.
Melting glaciers make fizzy noises.
Male students attending Brigham Young University cannot grow beards.
A pistol can only be used by one hand.
Black taxis in London are tall for a reason.
Flipping a shark will render it temporarily immobile.
The largest living organism is an aspen grove.
Someone will write and recite a poem at your funeral if you die in the Netherlands.
Alan Shepard played golf on the moon.
Ioannis Ikonomou has been the chief translator of the European Parliament since 2002.
Kummerspeck is German for the weight gained during emotional eating.
SEARS once sold houses.
An encrypted monument stands outside of the CIA headquarters in Virginia.
Cold water is just as cleansing as hot water.
David Bowie helped topple the Berlin wall.
Tap water in Manhattan is not Kosher.
A park ranger from the U.S was once hit by lightning 7 times.
The fedora was originally a hat made for women.
The story of Beauty and the Beast was aimed to make women open to arranged marriages.
Timothy Leary escaped prison.
Bottled water has an expiration date.
Many pets from the U.S run away on July 4th.
Queen Elizabeth cannot sit on the Iron Throne.
Incan people used knots to keep track of records.
Monty Python has one of the most requested songs for funerals in England.
The state of Virginia may contain hidden treasure.
Fake ambulances are hired in Russia by the wealthy.
Most businesses do not see the practicality of having diaper tables.
The world's most successful pirate was a woman.
The KKK was taken down with help from Superman.
The Baseball Hall of Fame had a secret inductee.
Milk wagons are the reason why we have roadway lines.
The most successful predator is a wild dog.
A man was once saved by a sea lion.
Saliva can be used to monitor alcohol intake.
The world's largest pyramid cannot be found in Egypt.
Some pandas fake a pregnancy to get better healthcare.
Cacti come in many different colors other than green.
The inventor of the frisbee became a frisbee himself.
Dolphins have names.
One species of ants can only be found in Manhattan, New York.
Around 30,000 rubber ducks were lost at sea in 1992.
Charles Darwin's pet turtle outlived him.
Losing weight alters brain activity.
The folds in a chef's hat represents the number of ways you can cook an egg.
Cactus spines can be used to make hooks.
Depending on how they descend, waterfalls have different classifications.
Neil Armstrong never said 'That's one small step for man'.
The odds of getting a royal flush is 1 in 649,740.
Driving south from Detroit will lead to Canada.
More people speak English as their second language than those who use it as their mother tongue.
Sleep deprivation makes it harder to lose weight.
The world's largest single drop waterfall is the Kaieteur Falls.
Your teeth are unique.
The most popular state bird is the Northern cardinal.
Triskaidekaphobia is the fear of the number 13.
A single dollar bill costs 5 cents to make.
Baby sea otters are unable to swim.
Snakes can predict earthquakes.
The King of Hearts is the only King without a mustache.
Only two diseases have been completely eradicated.
The only English word that ends with 'mt' is Dreamt.
May 29th is Put a Pillow on Your Fridge Day.
The opposite sides of dice will always equal 7.
The metal studs found on denim jeans serve a particular purpose.
The average adult spends more time on the toilet than exercising.
About 7% of American adults believe chocolate milk comes from brown cows.
Bananas get their curved shape by growing towards the sun.
Your fingernails on your dominant hand grow faster.
Apple seeds contain cyanide.
Frigate birds can sleep while flying.
Only one capital in the U.S has no McDonald's.
People used to answer the phone with "ahoy".
Playing dance music helps ward off mosquitoes.
Billy goats urinate on their heads to become more attractive.
Movie trailers were originally shown after the movie.
Among all the Disney princesses, Mulan has the highest kill count.
Pinocchio cannot say 'my nose will grow now'.
You are 13.8% more likely to die on your date of birth.
Alaska is the only state whose name is on a single row on the keyboard.
Many oranges are green.
Vantablack has a trademark.
A man once set a record by putting on over 260 t-shirts.
Queen Elizabeth is a trained mechanic.
Optical illusions can be found at the bottom of the sea.
123456 is the most common password.
The average American spends 2.5 days annually looking for lost items.
Technicolored squirrels roam the lands of Southern India.
Basenji dogs can't bark.
Dragonflies can't walk.
Space travel makes mice run in circles.
The chicken is the closest relative to the T-Rex.
Two-thirds of millennials go to sleep naked.
Sloths hold their breaths longer than dolphins.
More monopoly money is printed annually rather than actual currency.
'Schoolmaster' is an anagram of 'the classroom'.
Ravens are always aware when someone is watching them.
An eagle is capable of killing a young deer and flying away with it.
Baby spiders are called spiderlings.
A palindrome is a sentence that is the same when read backward and forwards.
The roar of a lion can be heard up to 5 miles away.
The average male will become bored after 26 minutes of shopping.
The U.S. Navy uses Xbox controllers for their periscopes.
There is a species of spider dubbed the 'hobo spider'.
Baby octopuses are the size of a flea.
The premiere of the TV reality show '16 and pregnant' helped lower the rate of teen pregnancy.
Up to 20% of power outages in the U.S are due to squirrels.
95% of people text things that they would never say in person.
The Mayo Clinic made glow in the dark cats while trying to find a cure for AIDS.
The Antarctic glaciers are made up of 3% penguin urine.
Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter are banned in China.
Honeybees can recognize human faces.
The happiest prisoner on death row had an IQ of 46.
Violin bows are made from horsehair.
IKEA is an acronym.
Stephen Hawking held a reception for time travelers in 2009.
A Norwegian Island made dying illegal.
People who post their fitness routine on social media are more likely to have psychological problems.
Dr Pepper does not have a period.
There is an underwater version of rugby.
You can burn calories just by standing.
Mice typically only live for 6 months in the wild.
The backward punctuation mark is used to identify sarcasm.
If a body is too obese, it can cause complications when being cremated.
Flossing your teeth improves memory.
A common souvenir people bring from the U.S are red solo cups.
St. Lucia is the only country that is named after a woman.
Ben & Jerry's made a graveyard for their former flavors.
Pluto was one temporarily closer to the sun than Neptune.
About $3.70 is given to an American child per tooth they lose.
There is a scientific term for brain freezes.
Only one letter in the English alphabet cannot be found on the periodic table.
The calling shotgun for the front passenger seat comes from a messenger.
A single strand of spaghetti is individually referred to as spaghetto.
Pointing your car keys to your head helps you find your car faster.
The fat Buddha statue and in pictures is not Buddha himself.
A jockey from 1923 managed to finish a race after dying.
The largest prime number has 17,425,170 digits.
The largest grand piano in the world was built by a teenager.
A Polish doctor once faked an outbreak to keep the Nazi's away.
The 1996 film called Scream increased the usage of caller IDs in the U.S.
The spiked dog collars are meant to protect their necks from attacks.
Jack Daniels died from a toe injury.
The boss in Metal Gear Solid 3 takes a week to beat.
The correct English translation for Jesus is Joshua.
The first service animals were established in Germany.
The planet was named Pluto thanks to an 11-year-old girl.
Around 50% of the mined gold on Earth comes from one source.
12 plants and 5 animals make up 75% of diets around the world.
Shakira was rejected from her elementary choir group.
Minnesota has the world's quietest room.
The Japanese have its own word for book hoarders.
Every decade, brain fibers lose 10% of their strength.
The happiest countries in the world have the highest antidepressant consumers.
The official language of Ireland is not the most spoken in the country.
Sourtoe cocktails are served in Yukon.
The release of Pokemon GO increased game-related accidents by 26.5%.
A BBC radio announcer once stated that they did not have any news.
Starfishes do not have blood.
The most mathematical flag in the world belongs to Nepal.
It did not take more than $1M to build Mt. Rushmore.
Samsung translates to 'three stars' in Korean.
Geckos eat the skin they shed.
The U.S. government issued Santa Claus a pilot's license.
Polar bears charge at a group of walruses while hunting.
You are able to become less depressed if you stay up.
Adult cats will only meow at humans.
There are more possible arrangements in shuffling a deck of cards than there are stars in the sky.
Therapy has been found to be least effective at battling depression compared to playing video games.
Bi-weekly has two connotations.
In 1911, the Mona Lisa was stolen from the Louvre.
Connecticut accidentally issued an Emergency Evacuation Alert in 2005.
Russians believe that eating ice cream will keep you warm.
Lemurs were one the size of gorillas.
Adding all the numbers on a roulette wheel will equivalent to 666.
The day after Thanksgiving is the busiest day for American plumbers.
Mount Everest is not the tallest mountain in our solar system.
Russell Horning is famous on the internet as the Backpack Kid.
The oldest currency in the world is the British pound.
The Great Pyramid of Giza has more than four sides.
The only innate fear we have at birth is the fear of falling and loud noises.
The average horse is capable of 746 watts of power.
The Leaning Tower of Pisa is tilted due to the soil at its base.
Slavery was once legal in Mauritania.
England and Portugal still maintain their alliance until today.
Garlic is known to attract leeches.
Uranus takes 84 years to orbit the sun.
A shape with 26 sides is known as a rhombicuboctahedron.
Applying equal pressure on an egg will prevent it from breaking.
There are over 6,000 species of grass.
The Earth holds about 11 quintillion pounds of air.
There is a term for a person that is perpetually afraid of being late.
The queens in ant colonies live for around 30 years.
The map size in GTA V is twice the actual size of Manhattan.
The paint on the Eiffel tower is equivalent to ten elephants.
The largest living thing on Earth is a tree.
You can fit about 400 grapevines in one acre of land.
Multiplying 1089 by 9 will give you the same numbers in reverse.
August 17th celebrates Black Cat Appreciation Day.
Eminem's 'Rap God' holds the world record for the most words in a hit single.
A British scientist studying chocolate has her taste buds insured.
The Titanic included dogs as their passengers.
China has a series of underground tunnels.
Pitbulls are ranked as the most affectionate breed of dogs.
Tanning beds increase your risk of developing melanoma.
One of the cleanest dog breeds in the world are poodles.
Owls have specialized feathers.
The human brain uses 20% of the oxygen in your body.
Staying in a negative relationship can lower your immune system.
The insect population of the world is 1 billion times more than the world population.
People once believed that chewing on tree bark will keep your gums healthy.
Kangaroos never stop growing.
Red blood cells circulate your body at an amazing speed.
The flashes of light when you rub your eyes are called phosphenes.
Cordozar Calvin Broadus Jr. is Snoop Dog's real name.
Lemurs use millipedes as an insect repellent and to get high.
The phrase "hands down" comes from horseracing. It refers to a jockey who's so far ahead that he can afford to drop his hands and loosen the reins (usually kept tight to encourage a horse to run) and still easily win.
There are some spiders that keep tiny frogs as pets to stop pests that try to eat the spider's eggs.
In a room with just 23 people, there's a 50-50 chance that at least two people have the same birthday.
Hot water freezes faster than cold water.
The couple in the painting "American Gothic" are actually father and daughter and not husband and wife.
The chainsaw was originally created to aid in childbirth.
Sharks have no bones.
Orcas are a natural predator to moose.
A chicken named Mike lived for 18 months after its head was chopped off.
The national animal of Scotland is the unicorn.
The Brontosaurus never existed.
Wombat poop is square.
Soft-shelled turtles urinate through their mouth.
On average, the closest planet to Earth is Mercury. On average, the closest planet to Pluto is also Mercury.
Square watermelons are grown in Japan.
German Chocolate Cake has nothing to do with Germany. It was named after English-American Samuel German who developed a formulation of dark baking chocolate that came to be used in the cake recipe.
The US has lost 6 nuclear weapons.
Whale sharks have teeth on their eyeballs.
It's legal for anyone over 5 years old to drink alcohol in the UK.
Bubbles are the number one cause of damage to ship propellers.
A woodpecker's tongue wraps around its brain.
Red, green, yellow, and orange bell peppers are all the same type of pepper with their color difference being caused by being at different stages of ripeness.
You could fit all the planets between the Earth and the moon.
Australia exports camels to the Middle East.
Australia exports sand to Saudi Arabia.
Camels originated in North America.
It took Erno Rubik, the creator of the Rubik's Cube, about one month to solve the cube after he created it.
If a Lone Star Tick bites you, you may become allergic to red meat.
A dog named Duke was the mayor of Cormorant, Minnesota for four consecutive terms before retiring at 91 in dog years.
The Canary Islands were named after dogs, not canaries.
The Dingo Fence in Australia is longer than the distance between New York City to London.
Tommy Fitzpatrick stole a small plane in 1956 from New Jersey on a bet and then landed it on the narrow street in front of the bar where he had been drinking in Manhattan. Two years later, he did it again after someone didn't believe he had done it the first time.
Broccoli, Brussels sprouts, cabbage, cauliflower, collard greens, gai lan, kale, kohlrabi, and savoy are all the same species of plant called "Brassica oleracea"
Mark Twain was born on the same day Halley's Comet flew by the earth. He said "I came in with Halley's Comet in 1835. It is coming again next year, and I expect to go out with it." Halley's Comet appeared on April 21, 1910, which is the day Mark Twain died.
There are more public libraries in the US than Starbucks or McDonalds.
Kermit Roosevelt, Theodore Roosevelt's grandson, overthrew Iran for the US government.
The longest boxing match went 110 rounds and over 7 hours.
More than eighty percent of the Earth's ocean is unmapped, unobserved, and unexplored.
There are more trees on earth than stars in the Milky Way galaxy.
Australia once lost a war to emus (the birds).
A giraffe and a human have the same number of bones in their necks.
It's suspected that on Neptune and Uranus, it rains diamonds.
If sound could travel through space, the noise that the sun would be the equivalent to a train horn from 1 meter away.
There are different sizes of infinity.
Smallpox is the only infectious disease that affects humans to have been eradicated.
Drinking too much water can be fatal.
There are at least 200 dead bodies on Mt Everest, some of which are used as climbing markers.
When a person gets a kidney transplant, they usually just leave the original kidneys in their body and put the 3rd kidney in the lower abdomen.
The founder of Match.com, Gary Kremen, lost his girlfriend to another man she met on Match.com
If you could fold a piece of paper in half 42 times, it would reach the moon.
The first can opener wasn't invented until almost 50 years after the invention of the can.
During World War 2 the US created a bomb that used live bats.
Most people have an above-average number of arms.
In 1919, a wave a molasses rushed through the streets of Boston killing 21 people and injuring 150.
Twinkies only have a shelf life of 45 days.
The fortune cookie was likely invented in the US by people of Japanese descent.
You don't need to wait 24 hours to file a missing person report.
"Buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo" is a grammatically correct sentence.
The Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) uses Waffle House Restaurants being open or closed as one way to determine the effect of a storm and the likely scale of assistance required for disaster recovery.
There's a real music piece name 433 that involves all the musicians just silently holding their instruments.
The US Supreme Court ruled in 1893 that a tomato is a vegetable and not a fruit.
The smallest park in the world is a circle in a street 2 feet across.
15% of all public corporations in the United States use a drab two-story office space in Delaware as their tax haven including half of all Fortune 500 companies.
A town in Pennsylvania has had an uncontrolled fire burning since 1962.
A jail for polar bears exists.
There is a part of Yellowstone National Park where a person could theoretically get away with murder due to a loophole.
The eighth power of a number is a zenzizenzizenzic.
Cosmic Latte is the average color of the universe.
McDonald's once made bubblegum-flavored broccoli
Scotland has over 400 words for "snow"
Firefighters sometimes use wetting agents to make water wetter.
There was a proposed Amendment to the US Constitution in 1916 that would put all acts of war to a national vote, and anyone voting yes would have to register as a volunteer for service in the United States Army.
A Japanese company gives its non-smoking employees 6 extra vacation days to compensate for smoking breaks.
"Military Grade" is a marketing ploy. In the actual military, "military grade" is defined as "meeting the bare-minimum requirements of durability, while also costing the least."
A Georgia teacher who bought a $400 travel insurance policy was rewarded $10,000 because she read the fine print of the contract.
Babies have 300 bones when born while an adult only has 206 bones.
One teaspoon of neutron star material weighs six billion tons.
Due to their fur, the polar bear is relatively "invisible" to an infrared camera
Venus spins the wrong way compared to other planets.
Nintendo has existed as a company since 1889
In 1961 two hydrogen bombs were accidentally dropped over North Carolina. A glitch prevented them from detonating.
Oxford University is older than the Aztec Empire
NASA mistakenly erased the original tape of the first steps on the moon.
Camels store water their bloodstream, not their hump which is fatty tissue.
Earth used to be purple.
There are only two countries in the world that use the color purple in their flag.
Canada's forests make up nearly 9% of the world's total forest area.
1 out of every 200 men is a direct descendant of Genghis Khan.
There are only two countries in the world that have "The" as part of their country's name.
People living in the southern hemisphere see the moon upside down compared to people living in the northern hemisphere.
More photos were taken in the past seven years than in all of the previous history.
You have no major muscles in your fingers. All muscles that control finger movement are in your forearm and palm.
Sharks lived on earth before trees.
Because there are more molecules of air in one breath than there are breaths in the atmosphere, every breath you take likely contains at least one molecule of Newton's last breath.
George Washington never knew dinosaurs existed.
90% of the world's population lives in the Northern Hemisphere.
Most of the visible stars you see in the night sky are binary stars - two stars orbiting each other.
In space, you don't need welding materials to get two metals to fuse. They will do it on their own if you place them close enough together.
A day on Venus lasts longer than a year on Venus.
Jupiter has over 70 moons.
If the sun dies, it'll take about 8 minutes before we realize it has.
The festive tradition of the Christmas tree dates back thousands of years to the Romans and Ancient Egyptians.
There are more than 1,000 kinds of bats in the world.
Bees are found everywhere in the world apart from Antarctica.
The average star is between 1 and 10 billion years old
It is illegal to stand within 90 meters of the Queen without socks on.
Australia has the most amount of reptiles in the world
You might think that stars are all the same, but each star is a different color depending on their temperature.
As well as having unique finger prints, we all have unique tongue prints.
Caterpillars have 12 eyes!
There are more stars in space than there are grains of sand on a beach.
It would take only one hour to drive to space.
Slugs have four noses.
It is impossible to lick your own elbow.
A hippopotamus can run faster than a man.
A crocodile cannot stick its tongue out.
Water covers 70% of Earth.
Most insects hatch from eggs.
The sun looks super close but it would take 70,000 years in our fastest spaceship to reach it.
Pigs can't look up into the sky  it's physically impossible.
The shark is the only fish that can blink with both eyes.
About 70% of an adult's body is water.
Your nose and ears continue growing for your entire life.
Dogs' hearing is 10 times better than a human's.
A dog's nose is like a human finger print  unique to its owner.
Apples float on water!
Number four is the only one with the same amount of letters.
You can not talk and inhale or exhale at the same time... try it!
More than 480million people have played Monopoly.
Your heart is about the same size as your fist.
A Tiger's skin is striped, like it's fur.
Frogs drink water through their skin.
A pet hamster can run up to 8 miles a night on a wheel.
Monkeys can go bald in old age, just like humans.
No word in the dictionary rhyme with the word orange.
The opposite sides of the dice always add up to seven.
An average yawn lasts six seconds.
Dogs can smell 100,000 times better than humans.
Only male toads croak.
Owls can't move their eyeballs
There is a tree called the Idiot Fruit, it grows in Australia's Daintree rainforest
When you grow up you'll have 32 teeth
Every step you take uses 200 different muscles in the body.
There may have been four different Ice Ages, where the world was completely covered in ice, not just one.
It won't be possible to walk on planets like Jupiter, Neptune, Saturn or Uranus as they don't have a solid surface and are made of gases mostly.
A bolt of lightning is five times hotter than the sun.
A prawn or shrimp's heart is in their heads.
Humans share 50% of their DNA with bananas.
The world's tallest man was Robert Wadlow from Michigan, America. He measured 8 feet and 2 inches (or 272cm).
'Arachibutyrophobia' is the fear of getting peanut bar stuck to the roof of your mouth.
All babies are born with blue eyes.
The world's heaviest carrot grown by Christopher Qualley in the USA weighed 10.7kg (or 22.44 lb).
French fries originated in Belgium, not France.
Emperor penguins can last 27 minutes underwater and can dive as deep as 500m.
Octopuses have blue blood and nine brains.
There are about 100,000 muscles in an elephant's trunk, but not a single bone.
You can hear a lion's roar from a distance of 3 miles.
Prairie dogs "kiss" each other as a way to identify each other.
Female lions do about 90% of the hunting.
Cows get stressed when they are separated from their best friends.
There are over 400 million dogs in the entire world.
Orcas are not whales at all, they are actually a type of dolphin.
Cats only meow to talk to humans. They do not meow to communicate with other cats.
Baby elephants use their trunks the same way that baby humans use a pacifier. Baby elephants find sucking on their trunks very calming.
Octopuses have nine brains.
Cows have 4 stomachs.
Rats are ticklish! And they laugh when they are tickled.
Male seahorses are the ones who give birth.
Snails can sleep for three years at a time.
Bats can eat up to 1,000 insects in an hour.
Polar bears are not white-their fur is actually transparent.
Flamingos eat with their head upside down.
Bats are the only mammals that can fly, but their leg bones are so thin that it is almost impossible for them to walk.
A group of owls is called a parliament.
Ants don't have lungs.
Grizzly bears can run up to 30 miles per hour.
Sea otters hold hands while they sleep so they don't drift apart.
Next to humans, mosquitoes are the deadliest animal on Earth.
Ostrich's eyes are bigger than its brain.
A group of frogs is called an army.
Hummingbirds can fly backward.
Kangaroos cannot walk backward.
Horses and cows can sleep standing up.
Hippopotamus milk is pink.
Starfish have no brains.
Alaska is both the most western and most eastern state in the United States.
Greenland is the world's largest island.
The English language is spoken in more than 100 countries around the world.
Vatican City is the smallest country in the world.
Antarctica is the only continent with no permanent human residents.
Dust from the Sahara Desert in Africa can travel great distances-even as far as Texas.
Maine is the closest state to Africa.
The state of California has more people than the entire country of Canada.
The Dead Sea is the lowest place on the planet.
Istanbul is the only city in the world located on two continents-Europe and Asia.
Water covers about 70% of the Earth's surface.
Russia is just two miles from Alaska.
The Atlantic Ocean is saltier than the Pacific Ocean.
People can fart after they die.
Clouds aren't weightless-they can actually be way over a million pounds.
Because bananas contain potassium, they are radioactive.
Human babies have more bones than adults.
Chalk is made up of fossils.
The acid in your stomach can dissolve steel.
All planets spin counterclockwise except for Venus.
Because of gravity, you would weigh less on the moon than on Earth.
The human brain cannot feel pain.
On average, the human body is made up of 60% water.
Plankton, seaweed, and other ocean organisms create over half the world's oxygen.
White is not actually a color, but the absence of all colors.
Strawberries are the only fruits with their seeds on the outside.
When cranberries are ripe, they can bounce like a ball.
Wind is actually silent. What we hear is the wind blowing against an object.
Contrary to popular belief, lightning can strike twice.
The human nose can detect a trillion different scents.
Human noses and ears never stop growing.
The human heart beats 115,000 times a day.
Women's hearts beat faster than men's.
Apples are actually a part of the rose family.
The planet Neptune's days are 16 hours long.
Humans lose about 50-100 hairs a day.
Boys have fewer taste buds than girls.
You can still see traces of Neil Armstrong's footprints on the moon.
It takes your body about 12 hours to fully digest food.
About half of the bones in your body are in your hands and feet.
Alexander the Great was buried alive.
Cleopatra wasn't Egyptian-she was Greek.
The Statue of Liberty was originally supposed to be located in the Suez Canal.
Tug of war used to be an Olympic sport.
Abraham Lincoln was a champion wrestler.
During the Victorian era it was popular for people to take photographs of their loved ones after they had died.
Thomas Edison and John Adams died hours apart on July 4, 1826.
The war between the Netherlands and the Isles of Scilly lasted 335 years, and not a single person was killed.
Romans used urine as mouthwash.
Before becoming president, Lincoln lost 5 different elections.
Thomas Edison did not invent the lightbulb.
Most people cannot lick their elbows.
You cannot sneeze with your eyes open.
The Olympics used to give medals for art, not just sports.
A jar of Nutella is sold every 2.5 seconds.
French fries are Belgian, not French.
Before alarm clocks, people would pay someone to knock on their window and wake them up. They were called knocker-uppers.
Make tea not war! All British armored vehicles have the equipment needed to make tea.
There are 31,557,600 seconds in a year.
Arithmophobia is the fear of numbers.
Your nose may not grow like Pinocchio's, but it does get warmer when you tell a lie.
Tomatoes and avocados are actually fruits, not vegetables
The Queen of England has two birthdays.
The number four is the only number to have the same amount of letters as its value.
Every human has a unique tongue print.
In your lifetime, you will spend 25 years sleeping.
You cannot smell while you sleep.
Brown is the most common eye color.
You will get cell phone service on the top of Mount Everest.
You can buy a square watermelon in Japan.
Newborn babies are colorblind.
Three presidents, all Founding Fathers-John Adams, Thomas Jefferson, and James Monroe-died on July 4. Presidents Adams and Jefferson also died the same year, 1826; President Monroe died in 1831. Coincidence? You decide.
The Barbie doll's full name is Barbara Millicent Roberts, from Willows, Wisconsin. Her birthday is March 9, 1959, when she was first displayed at the New York Toy Fair.
There actually aren't "57 varieties" of Heinz ketchup, and never were. Company founder H.J. Heinz thought his product should have a number, and he liked 57. Hint: Hit the glass bottle on the "57," not the bottom, to get the ketchup to flow.
One of President John Tyler's grandsons is still alive today-and he was born in 1790. How is this possible? President Tyler, the 10th US president, was 63 when his son Lyon Tyler was born in 1853; Lyon's son was born when he was 75. President Tyler's living grandson, Harrison Tyler is 92. Lyon's other son Lyon Jr. passed away in 2020 at the age of 95. The Tyler family still maintains the President's home, Sherwood Forest Plantation in Virginia.
The tallest man ever recorded was American giant Robert Wadlow (19181940), who stood 8 feet 11 inches. Wadlow's size was the result of abnormally enlarged pituitary gland.
The tallest living man is 37-year-old Sultan Kosen, from Turkey, who is 8 feet, 2.8 inches, who set the record in 2009. His growth is also due to a pituitary issue.
The oldest person ever to have lived (whose age could be authenticated), a French woman named Jeanne Louise Calment, was 122 years old when she died in 1997.
Sliced bread was first manufactured by machine and sold in the 1920s by the Chillicothe Baking Company in Missouri. It was the greatest thing since...unsliced bread?
The Earl of Sandwich, John Montagu, who lived in the 1700s, reportedly invented the sandwich so he wouldn't have to leave his gambling table to eat.
The first college football game was played on November 6, 1869, between Rutgers and Princeton (then known as the College of New Jersey) in New Brunswick, New Jersey. Rutgers won.
Experiments in universities have actually been carried out to figure out how many licks it takes to get to the center of a Tootsie Pop, both with machine and human lickers (because this is important scientific knowledge!). The results ranged from 252 to 411.
The Four Corners is the only spot in the US where you can stand in four states at once: Utah, Colorado, Arizona and New Mexico.
Canada is south of Detroit .
The original name for the search engine Google was Backrub. It was renamed Google after the googol, which is the number one followed by 100 zeros.
The oldest-known living land animal is a tortoise named Jonathan, who is 187 years old. He was born in 1832 and has lived on the island of St. Helena in the Atlantic Ocean since 1882.
Bats are the only mammal that can actually fly.
Wombats are the only animal whose poop is cube-shaped. This is due to how its intestines form the feces. The animals then stack the cubes to mark their territory.
The most common wild bird in the world isn't the sparrow or blue jay-it's the red-billed quelea, which live in Africa and have an estimated population of 1.5 billion.
The heart of the blue whale, the largest animal on earth, is five feet long and weighs 400 pounds. The whale in total weighs 40,000 pounds.
For comparison, an elephant's heart weighs around 30 pounds. And a human heart? A mere 10 ounces.
Elephants can't jump.
Cows don't actually have four stomachs; they have one stomach with four compartments.
The platypus doesn't have a stomach at all: Their esophagus goes straight to their intestines.
This is one animal myth that's true: Eating parts of a pufferfish can kill you because, in a defense mechanism to ward off predators, it contains a deadly chemical called tetrodotoxin. There's enough in one pufferfish to kill 30 people-and there's no antidote. Still, pufferfish, called fugu, is a highly-prized delicacy in Japan, but can only be prepared by well-trained chefs.
Polar bears have black skin. And actually, their fur isn't white-it's see-through, so it appears white as it reflects light.
Tigers' skin is actually striped, just like their fur. Also, no two fur patterns are alike.
Flamingoes are only pink because of chemicals called carotenoids in the algae and fish  they eat; their feathers are grayish white when they're born.
Mosquitoes are the deadliest animal in the world: They kill more people than any other creature, due to the diseases they carry.
What do Miss Piggy and Yoda have in common? They were both voiced by the same person, puppeteer Frank Oz.
Psycho was the first movie to show a toilet flushing.
One of the most famous movie lines in history was never said. We often quote, "Play it again, Sam," from Casablanca; but the real line is, "Play it, Sam. Play 'As Time Goes By.'"
The green code in The Matrix was actually created from symbols in the code designer's wife's sushi cookbook.
The wedding of Princess Diana and Prince Charles was watched by 750 million people worldwide in 1981; sadly, 2.5 billion watched her funeral in 1997.
With 3.572 billion viewers, half the world's population watched the 2018 FIFA World Cup of soccer (or football, as many international fans call it), which is held every four years. That number is on par with the 2016 Summer Olympics; but only a quarter of the world watched the less-popular Winter Olympics in 2018.
There are no muscles in your fingers: Their function is controlled by muscles in your palms and arms.
The hardest working muscle in your body is your heart: It pumps more than 2,000 gallons of blood a day and beats more than 2.5 billion times in a 70-year life span.
It's impossible to hum while holding your nose .
Skin is the body's largest organ.
The earth's circumference is 24,900 miles.
All of an adult human's blood vessels, if laid out end to end, would be about 100,000 miles, so they could encircle the earth four times.
According to recent research, the human nose can distinguish at least a trillion different odors.
The longest fingernails ever were over 28 feet in total. American Lee Redmond started growing them in 1979 and set the record in 2008. Sadly, she lost her nails in a car crash in 2009.
The origin of the word "sinister" reflects a historical bias against left-handed people. It comes from the Latin word for "left," which was also seen to be unlucky or evil.
There is not one letter "q" in any US state name, the only letter in the alphabet to be missing. "J" and "z" are only represented once each, in New Jersey and Arizona.
The word "strengths" is the longest word in the English language with only one vowel.
Cartoonist Mort Walker, creator of Beetle Bailey, came up with names for the things we often see in comics and cartoons: "briffit" is the dust cloud a character makes when he runs away quickly; "plewds" are the beads of sweat when a character is under duress; and "grawlix" are symbols such as "#@*%" that stand in for curse words.
A mash-up of two words to make a new word (such as breakfast and lunch into brunch, or motel from motor and hotel) is called a portmanteau. In case you're wondering, the word "portmanteau" itself is not a portmanteau; it's a compound word that refers to a duel-sided suitcase.
The dog ate John Steinbeck's homework-literally. The author's pup chewed up an early version of Of Mice and Men. "I was pretty mad, but the poor fellow may have been acting critically," he wrote.
Among lost works, this story might be even worse: Ernest Hemingway's first wife, Hadley, left a suitcase full of the author's writing on a train. When she went back to get it, it was gone. "I had never seen anyone hurt by a thing other than death or unbearable suffering except Hadley when she told me about the things being gone," Hemingway wrote in A Moveable Feast.
The original title of Jane Austen's Pride and Prejudice was First Impressions.
Mary Shelley wrote Frankenstein when she 18, during a ghost story competition while staying in Switzerland with writers Percy Shelley (her lover) and Lord Byron.
German chocolate cake doesn't come from Germany. It was named for a person, Sam German, who created a type of baking chocolate for Baker's in 1852.
Hawaiian pizza was created in Ontario, Canada, by Greek immigrant Sam Panopoulos in 1962.
Almost all commercially grown artichokes, 99.9 percent, come from California. One town in particular, Castroville, is nicknamed "the Artichoke Capital of the World."
The different colors of Froot Loops cereal all taste the same-they're not individual flavors.
What's inside a Kit Kat? Broken Kit Kats that are damaged during production-they get ground up and go between the wafers inside, along with cocoa and sugar. That's a way to not let anything go to waste!
Pound cake got its name because the original recipe required a pound each of butter, flour, sugar and eggs. That's a lot of cake-but it was meant to last for a long time.
The difference between jam and jelly is that jam is made with mashed up fruit while jelly is made with fruit juice.
Preserves are like jam but made with more whole fruit. Marmalade is preserves made from citrus fruit.
Flamin' Hot Cheetos were developed by a janitor at Frito-Lay, Richard Montanez, who got the idea after putting chili powder on some reject Cheetos and then pitched it to the CEO. He's now a successful executive and motivational speaker, and a movie is in the works about his life.
Coca-Cola actually sells soup in a can. Bistrone is a nourishing meal on the go, available in two flavors in Japan.
The biggest pizza ever created was 13,580 square feet, made in Rome, Italy, in 2012. The pizza was gluten-free and named "Ottavia" after a roman emperor.
The tallest building in the world is the Burg Khalifa in Dubai, standing at over 2,700 feet.
The tallest building in the US is One World Trade Center in New York, which comes in at number six on the worldwide list. It stands at exactly 1,776 feet as a nod to the date of the Declaration of Independence.
The Empire State Building in New York was the tallest building in the world from 1931 until 1971, and was the first building of over 100 floors.
Contrary to popular belief, it's really, really hard to see the Great Wall of China from space, particularly with the naked eye.
The first footprints on the moon will remain there for a million years.
Days on Venus are longer than years. Due to its slow axis rotation, it takes 243 Earth days to spin once; but it only takes 225 Earth days to go around the sun.
Humans could never "land" on Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus or Neptune because they are made of gas and have no solid surface.
But you could ice skate on one of Jupiter's moons, Europa, which is covered in ice. An Axel jump would take you 22 feet in the air!
Our modern interpretation of Santa Claus with a red outfit and white beard is due in large part to holiday Coca-Cola ads that began in 1931.
Queen Victoria's husband, Prince Albert, wasn't the first to introduce Christmas trees to Britain from his native Germany-Queen Charlotte did that in the late 1700s. But, Victoria and Albert are credited with popularizing the custom in the mid-1800s.
Buckingham Palace in London, England, has 775 rooms, including 78 bathrooms.
The White House in Washington, DC, has 132 rooms, including 35 bathrooms.
It takes 570 gallons to paint the exterior of the White House.
The teddy bear is named after President Theodore Roosevelt. After he refused to shoot a captured black bear on a hunt, a stuffed-animal maker decided to create a bear and name it after the president.
Lincoln Logs were created by John Lloyd Wright, son of famous architect Frank Lloyd Wright, in the 1920s. They were named after Abraham Lincoln, who grew up in a log cabin.
Play-Doh started out as a wallpaper cleaner before the head of the struggling company realized the non-toxic material made a good modeling clay for children and rebranded it.
In the 1940s, a retired schoolteacher came up with Candyland to entertain children who were hospitalized from polio. Because its color system required no reading, young kids could easily play.
People started wearing pajamas, originally spelled "pyjamas," instead of nightgowns so they'd be prepared to run outside in public during World War I air raids in England.
At Medieval Times dinner attractions, you eat with your hands because people didn't use utensils in the middle ages.
Freelancers originally referred to self-employed, sword-wielding mercenaries: literally "free lancers."
We shake hands to show we're unarmed.
Although no longer connected to the beer company, Guinness World Records was founded by the managing director of Guinness Brewery in the 1950s. .
Michelin stars are highly coveted by elite and upscale restaurants the world over-but they're actually given out by the Michelin tire company, the same one whose mascot is the marshmallow-like Michelin Man. If you want to get fancy, pronounce it in the original French, "mich-LEH."
More people visit France than any other country (Spain is second; the US third).
You can still stay at the world's oldest hotel, Nisiyama Onsen Keiunkan in Japan, which was founded in 705 AD.
The longest place name in the word, at 85 letters, is "Taumatawhakatangihangakoauauotamateaturipukakapikimaungahoronukupokaiwhenuakitanatahu," New Zealand. Locals just call it Taumata Hill.
The coldest temperature ever recorded occurred in Antarctica, -144 Fahrenheit, as reported by researchers in a scientific journal in 2018.
The hottest temperature ever recorded occurred in Furnace Creek, Death Valley, California, at 134 degrees Fahrenheit on July 10, 1913.
Japan records the most earthquakes of any country in the world; but the most earthquakes actually occurs in Indonesia.
Each year 16 million thunderstorms happen around the world, and at any given moment, there are about 2,000 thunderstorms in progress.
Sweden has 267,570 islands, the most of any country in the world.
Australia contains a number of pink lakes, but the most stunning is the Pepto Bismol-colored Lake Hillier. The color may be the result of certain algae.
At over 29,000 feet tall, Mt. Everest is the highest point on Earth, but it doesn't compare to the deepest point on Earth, the Mariana Trench, which is over 36,000 feet deep-nearly seven miles-in the Pacific Ocean.
This isn't exactly a "fun" fact, but there are over 200 dead bodies of climbers on Mt. Everest because it's so difficult to bring them down.
Only two people have ever swum the entire length of the 2,350-mile Mississippi River: Slovenian long-distance swimmer Martin Strel in 2002 and American former Navy SEAL Chris Ring in 2015. Strel swam for 68 days in a row; Ring took one day off a week, taking 181 days.
Visitors are not allowed to scatter loved ones' ashes at Disney World or Disneyland. This is apparently a problem, particularly around the Haunted Mansion attraction.
The man who designed the Pringles can, Fred Bauer, is buried in one-or at least some of his ashes are.
There's a world record for the holder of the most world records: Ashrita Furman, who's set more than 600 records and currently holds more than 200. His records have ranged from fastest mile on a pogo stick, longest time to hula hoop underwater and greatest distance traveled on a bicycle balancing a milk bottle on the head.
The sun makes up more than 99% of the mass in our solar system.
Lined up, all of the planets in the solar system could fit between the Earth and the moon.
The Great Wall of China is not actually visible from space.
One million Earths could fit inside the sun.
It rains diamonds on both Jupiter and Saturn. On these planets, lightning turns methane in the atmosphere into carbon, which hardens into bits of graphite and diamond as it falls to the ground.
Outer space is completely silent.
It takes about ten minutes for light to travel from the sun to the Earth.
The largest known volcano in the solar system is Olympus Mons, located on Mars. It's roughly triple the height of Mt. Everest.
On Mars, sunsets appear blue due to the way light is captured in the atmosphere.
Because there is no atmosphere, wind, or water to erode them, astronaut footprints on the moon will likely remain there for hundreds of millions of years.
One spacesuit for a NASA astronaut costs $12 million to make.
Uranus is the only planet to spin on its side.
The diameter of Pluto is smaller than the horizontal length of the United States.
The Krmn line, the invisible boundary that officially separates Earth from outer space, is located 62 miles above sea level. So you're only about 62 miles from space right now!
It's impossible to burp in space. The lack of gravity in space prevents air in your stomach from separating and rising up from food you've eaten.
Saturn is the lightest planet, and it's also the only planet that would float in water.
Saudi Arabia is the largest country in the world without a single permanent river.
Haiti is the only country that recognizes voodoo as a religion.
Over 800 languages are spoken in Papua New Guinea.
Cyprus is the only country without its own national anthem. In 1966 it decided to adopt the Greek national anthem as its own. (The Greek national anthem also contains 158 verses.)
Although soccer is very popular in Greenland, they can't join FIFA because their harsh weather conditions make it impossible to grow a grass field, one of the requirements for membership.
Uzbekistan and Liechtenstein are the only countries that are doubly landlocked.
The Canary Islands, an island nation off the northwest coast of Africa, got its name from "canis" the Latin word for dog. Early sailors landed on the island, found it overrun with wild dogs, and gave it its name. The bird species canary actually got its name from the islands, not the other way around.
Chile didn't legalize divorce until 2004, making it the last country in the Western Hemisphere to do so.
Japan is made up of 6,852 islands.
Istanbul, in Turkey, is the only city to be located on two continents. The western half is located in Europe, and the eastern half is located in Asia. The two halves are separated by the Bosporus Strait.
A town in Wales is famous for having the longest name of any place in an English-speaking country. Its full name is: Llanfairpwllgwyngyllgogerychwyrndrobwllllantysiliogogogoch, although it is usually abbreviated to Llanfair.
Amman, the capital of Jordan, used to be called Philadelphia when it was taken over by ancient Greeks.
New Zealand was the first modern country to grant women the right to vote, which it did in 1893.
The Louvre in Paris, France, is the world's most-visited museum. Roughly ten million people visit it each year.
Ethiopia follows a calendar, the Coptic Orthodox Church's, that is seven years behind the rest of the world. They celebrated the new millennium in 2007.
Over 40 buildings in New York City are so large that they have their own zip codes.
The shortest river in the world is located in Montana. It's called the Roe River and only flows for 200 feet.
Hawaii is the only state to commercially grow coffee.
Hawaii is also home to the only royal palace in the United States ever used by a monarch. It's called the Iolani Palace, and it was used by the royal family of Hawaii until they were overthrown in 1893.
Nebraska is the only state that is triply landlocked: it is three states from the ocean on every side.
Alaska has a longer coastline than the coastline of all other 49 states combined.
There are roughly 200 chickens for every person in Delaware.
Alaska, the biggest state, is 429 times larger than Rhode Island, the smallest state. However, Rhode Island has a higher population.
California is home to the tallest living object in the world. It's a redwood tree named Hyperion that is 379.7 feet high.
The Florida Everglades is the only place on Earth where alligators and crocodiles live together in the wild.
Texas is larger than any European country, excluding Russia.
The first-ever Ferris wheel was built in Chicago, IL for the 1893 World's Fair.
About 80% of the land in Nevada is owned by the federal government.
Montpelier, Vermont is the only state capital without a McDonald's.
Neither kangaroos nor emus can walk backward. Both animals are included on Australia's official crest to represent continuous progress.
The bite of a grizzly bear is strong enough to crush a bowling ball.
Bats give birth while hanging upside down, and they catch their newborn with their wings as it drops.
Octopi have three hearts.
Dolphins have names for each other and are the only species other than humans known to do this.
Elephants are unable to jump.
Under their white fur, polar bears have black skin to help absorb heat from the sun.
Cats don't have sweet taste buds and therefore can't taste sugar.
Wombat poop is cubed-shaped.
Sloths can swim about three to four times faster than they can move on land.
A flock of hummingbirds can be referred to as a hover, a glittering, a bouquet, a tune, or a shimmer.
Only female mosquitoes bite humans. Male mosquitoes drink flower nectar.
Baby T-rexes were covered with feathers, which they may have kept as adults.
The largest animal to ever have existed is the blue whale. It can grow up to 98 feet (30 meters) and weigh 200 tons.
Camels store fatty tissue, not water, in their humps. Storing fat in one area helps keep them cooler than if it was distributed across the rest of their body like fat is in most other animals.
A shrimp's heart is located inside its head.
Anteaters eat roughly 35,000 ants a day.
Koala fingerprints look extremely similar to human fingerprints.
Male platypuses have spurs on their back feet that can release venom, making them one of the few poisonous mammals.
It's a common tradition in Japan to eat KFC on Christmas. In order to ensure they get their fried chicken, over three million people a year preorder their Christmas meal, sometimes months in advance.
UPS delivers about 20 billion cards and gifts during the holiday season.
Americans eat roughly 150 million hot dogs every 4th of July.
During the holiday season, some people in Wales celebrate Mari Lwyd. This tradition involves a group of people caroling with a real horse skull, and it's thought to come from ancient Celtic celebrations.
The most covered Christmas song is Silent Night. Since it was written in 1818, there have been over 26,000 versions of it.
In Thailand, during the Buddhist New Year celebration of Songkran, passerby are sprayed with water from giant statues of Buddha.
The first Thanksgiving likely didn't include turkey, and other staples like cranberry sauce and mashed potatoes weren't on the menu either. The pilgrims and Wampanoag Native Americans likely dined on foods such as seal, deer, eel, squash, berries, and cornmeal.
Real Christmas trees are actually better for the environment than fake ones. This is both due to the toxic materials needed to make fake trees, and the fact that Christmas tree farms serve as a habitat for wildlife.
Since "Hanukkah" is a Hebrew word translated to English, there is no official correct spelling of it. Some spelling variants include Chanukkah, Chanukah, Hannuka, and Hannukah.
Since 1945, all British tanks have included equipment to make tea.
Ancient Romans used human urine as mouthwash. The ammonia in urine is an effective natural cleaning agent.
The world's shortest war, the Anglo-Zambian War, lasted less than 45 minutes. It was fought between the United Kingdom and the Zanzibar Sultanate in 1896 and was won by the British.
Tug of war was an Olympic sport between 1900 and 1920.
Ronald Reagan, in addition to being the US president and a film star, was also a lifeguard when he was younger and saved multiple people from drowning.
The oldest known advertisement is over 5,000 years old. It advertises the sale of a slave named Shem in ancient Egypt.
Winston Churchill smoked an average of 10 cigars a day.
The first face to appear on the US $1 bill wasn't George Washington. It was Salmon P. Chase, the Secretary of Treasury and designer of banknotes when the first $1 bill was released in 1862.
Ancient Egyptians invented many items we still use today, such as pens, keys, locks, and toothpaste.
In medieval Europe, animals were often taken to court and tried for various crimes such as eating part of the harvest, damaging property, or injuring or killing people. If found guilty, the animal could be exiled or even sentenced to death.
The youngest soldier in the Civil War was a nine-year-old boy from Mississippi. The oldest soldier was an 80-year-old man from Iowa.
Charles de Gaulle, the former president of France, is in the Guinness Book of World Records for having survived the most assassination attempts in the world. He survived over 30 of them before dying naturally at age 79.
Incans, who ruled in South America from the 13th century to 1572, were able to perform successful skull surgeries. Over 100 Incan skulls have been discovered with holes drilled into them, and archaeologists estimate the survival rate for this surgery was around 80% (compared to about 50% in America during the Civil War).
In the 19th century, golf balls were made of a leather pouch stuffed with feathers and were often called "feathery" balls.
Humans have more than five senses. In fact, we have nearly 20, including pain, hunger, thirst, and balance.
The only letter that doesn't appear in the Periodic Table of Elements is J.
Laid end to end, an adult's blood vessels could circle the Earth at the equator four times.
Babies don't shed tears until they're between two weeks and several months old, as their tear ducts haven't fully developed yet.
There are 18 volcanoes in the United States with the potential to erupt again.
Scientists don't know why we yawn, but it may be a way to help regulate body temperature or even cool down the brain.
Although oxygen is colorless as a gas, when it's a liquid or solid it has a pale blue color.
If you pour a handful of salt into a full glass of water, the water level will actually go down slightly (about 2%). This happens due to solvent molecules becoming more ordered in the presence of the dissolved salt, which reduces the space the solution takes up.
Earth is not a perfect sphere. The poles are slightly flattened out, and the equator bulges due to the planet's rotation.
Although clouds look light and fluffy, they can weigh over one million pounds.
Hot water actually freezes faster than cold water due to something called the Mpemba effect.
About  of the world's oxygen is produced by the Amazon rainforest.
You have roughly the same number of bacteria cells in your body as you do human cells.
About two thousand rainstorms occur on Earth every minute.
In the Brothers Grimm version of Cinderella, in order to get their feet to fit inside the glass slipper, one of Cinderella's stepsisters cuts off her own heel, and another cuts off her big toe.
Samuel L. Jackson was a cheerleader in college.
In 2014, a group of researchers in England determined that the song "Wannabe" by The Spice Girls was the catchiest song ever written. People could identify it in about 2.3 seconds, well below the average of 5 seconds it took to recognize other songs.
The same woman, E.G. Daily, was the voice of both Tommy Pickles in Rugrats and Buttercup in The Powerpuff Girls.
None of the four members of The Beatles could read or write music.
Harry Potter creator J.K. Rowling created the game of Quidditch after a fight with her then-boyfriend. She said her frustration from the fight caused her to come up with the idea of the violent game.
In 2016, Mozart sold more CDs than any other artist, beating artists such as Beyonce, Adele, and Justin Bieber.
During World War II, actress Audrey Hepburn delivered messages for resistance fighters in the Netherlands.
Barack Obama, Martin Luther King Jr, and Hillary Clinton are all Grammy winners in the Spoken Word category.
In 1944, Disney's Snow White became the first film to release a soundtrack.
In Game of Thrones, the cloaks that members of the Night Watch wear were created by shaving down and dying rugs bought from IKEA.
The first TV commercial aired on July 1, 1941. It was an ad for Bulova watches.