In 1964, the FBI mailed Martin Luther King, Jr. a letter accusing him of extramarital affairs and suggesting he should commit suicide.
Many animals have been reported to commit suicide, including dogs, cows, bulls, and sheep
Instead of kissing, mothers of the Manchu tribe used to show affection by sucking their child's penis in public, because kissing was considered sexual.
Out of their natural habitat more than 60% of male pandas exhibit no sexual desire at all
In Catalonia (Spain), a smiley-faced piece of wood called "Shitting Log" poops out the presents in Christmas.
1 in every 5 couples has a sexless marriage, having less than 10 encounters a year.
More people commit suicide in New York City than are murdered.
It is estimated that 25-30% of suicides are accompanied by a note
Homosexuals are 39% more likely to be left-handed.
1 in every 5 people in Greenland attempt suicide at some point in their lives
The Golden Gate Bridge is the #1 suicide site in the world.
1 in 10 Americans thinks HTML, the language of web pages, is a sexually transmitted disease
The Japanese authorities constructed a fence around a volcano at Mount Mihara to stop a trend of over 2000 people committing suicide by jumping in
There's a species of fish called "Slippery Dick".
There is a small village in France called "Pussy".
A San Francisco Highway Patrol Officer, called Kevin Briggs, has talked approximately 200 people out of suicide on the Golden Gate Bridge since 1994.
The SEX Party in Australia is looking to legalize marijuana, euthanasia, censorship, abortion, and tax the church.
Every 40 seconds, someone commits suicide
The Ache tribe of Paraguay believe that babies inherit the characteristics of all the men who have had sex with the mother during pregnancy.
Human pollution has caused the average length of polar bears' penises to shrink
Most people who commit suicide, do it on a Wednesday
The bonobo monkey, the closest relative to humans, is naturally bisexual.
You have Taste receptors in the stomach, intestines, pancreas, lungs, anus, testicles and the brain
The average married couple has sex 68.5 times a year, which is slightly more than once a week.
1 in 25 U.S. teenagers has attempted suicide
Jesus never talks about homosexuality in the Bible.
More U.S. soldiers committed suicide than died in combat in 2012
In Russia it's now Illegal to tell kids Gay People Exist
Nepal was the first country in Asia to introduce gay marriage. It has also outlawed the death penalty.
Female koalas, when in captivity, can engage in lesbian behaviour.
Auschwitz was first constructed to hold Polish political prisoners, who began to arrive in May 1940
More people died in Auschwitz than the British and American losses of WW2 combined
About 1 in 6 Jews killed in the Holocaust died at Auschwitz
Witold Pilecki, a Polish soldier, volunteered to be imprisoned in Auschwitz in order to gather information, escape and let the world know about the Holocaust.
144 prisoners are known to have escaped from Auschwitz successfully
1.1 million people died during the four and a half years of Auschwitz's existence
Besides Jews, others deported to Auschwitz included 150,000 Poles, 23,000 Romani and Sinti, 15,000 Soviet prisoners of war and 400 Jehovah's Witnesses
Auschwitz's camp commandant Rudolf Hoss, was arrested in 1946, convicted of murder and hanged at the camp
About 60 million Reichmarks, equivalent to 125m today, was generated for the Nazi state by slave labour at Auschwitz during the Holocaust
The male praying mantis cannot copulate while its head is attached to its body. The female initiates sex by ripping the males head off
Sex acts like a natural antihistamine, in can clear up a stuffy nose
During the female orgasm, endorphines are released, which are powerful painkillers. So headaches are in fact a bad excuse not to have sex
In the past 60 years, the groundhog has only predicted the weather correctly 28% of the time. The rushing back and forth from burrows is believed to indicate sexual activity, not shadow seeking
According to psychologists, the shoe and the foot are the most common sources of sexual fetishism in Western society
In the U.S. there is, on average, three sex change operations per day
In the 19th century, it was common practice for a Japanese woman to dye their teeth black. They believed that this enhanced sex appeal and maintained healthier teeth
There are approximately 100 million acts of sexual intercourse each day
Humans and dolphins are the only species that have sex for pleasure
In 1926, a waiter in Budapest committed suicide. He left his suicide note in the form of a crossword and the police had to get help from the public to solve it
The most frequent season for most suicides to occur is in the spring. The winter months have the lowest number of suicides
Teenage suicide is the second cause of death in the state of Wisconsin
Singer Billy Joel tried to commit suicide when he was 21 by drinking furniture polish
Back in 1919, the Russian transplant pioneer Serge Voronoff made headlines by grafting monkey testicles onto human males.
Nazi leader Adolf Hitler had only one testicle
About a third of all Jewish people alive at that time were murdered in the Holocaust.
A Muslim family that saved Jews during the Holocaust, was later saved by Israel during the genocide in Bosnia, and converted to Judaism.
In 1945, Eisenhower predicted that people would try to deny the holocaust, so he urged the press to come.
At least 1.1 million Jewish children were murdered during the Holocaust.
The Leica Camera company helped hundreds of jews before the Holocaust by hiring, and sending them abroad.
A barnacle has the largest penis of any other animal in relation to its size
14% of Americans have skinny-dipped with a member of the opposite sex at least once.
Male bats have the highest rate of homosexuality of any mammal.
A man's beard grows fastest when he anticipates sex.
Sex is biochemically no different from eating large quantities of chocolate.
Sex is the safest tranquilizer in the world. IT IS 10 TIMES MORE EFFECTIVE THAN VALIUM.
"Ithyphallophobia" is a morbid fear of seeing, thinking about or having an erect penis.
An American urologist bought Napoleon's penis for $40,000.
1 sperm contains about 37.5MB of DNA data, so 1 ejaculation transfers about 15,875GB of data, equivalent to almost 16TB
A whale's penis is called a dork.
Sex burns 360 calories per hour.
Every year 11,000 Americans injure themselves while trying out bizarre sexual positions.
Honking of car horns for a couple that just got married is an old superstition to insure great sex.
The Black Widow spider eats her mate during or after sex.
Steely Dan got their name from a sexual device depicted in the book 'The Naked Lunch'.
60% of all people using the Internet, use it for pornography.
UK's Internet Porn Filter Architect was Arrested On Child Porn Offenses in 2014
A man will ejaculate approximately 18 quarts of semen in his lifetime.
Adolf Hitler was a vegetarian.
Hitler and Napoleon both had only one testicle
To "testify" was based on men in the Roman court swearing to a statement made by swearing on their testicles.
During WW1, a British soldier spared the life of a wounded German: Adolf Hitler
Hitler was saved from drowning by a priest when he was 4 years old
Hitler planned to collect thousands of Jewish artifacts to build a "Museum of An Extinct Race" after the war.
During WW2, when Hitler visited Paris, the French cut the lift cables on the Eiffel Tower so that Hitler would have to climb the steps if he wanted to reach the top
Hitler, while in prison, wrote to a Mercedes dealership begging for a car loan
Hitler was nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize in 1939
When the D-Day forces landed, Hitler was asleep. None of his generals dared send re-enforcements without his permission, and no-one dared wake him.
As a child, Hitler wanted to be a priest
Adolf Hitler loved chocolate cake
Adolf Hitler wanted to be an architect, but he failed the entrance exam at the architectural school in Vienna
Adolf Hitler was one of the people that was responsible in the creation of the Volkswagen Beetle. He came up with the idea of producing a car that was cheap enough for the average German working man to afford.
The NY phone book had 22 Hitlers before WWII. The NY phone book had 0 Hitlers after WWII.
Adolf Hitler's mother seriously considered having an abortion but was talked out of it by her doctor.
"Adolf Schicklgruber" would have been Hitler's name. His father changed his last name in 1877.
There was a Jewish-Austrian doctor who didn't charge Hitler's family due to their economic hardship. Hitler had him protected and called him "Noble Jew"
Hitler suffered chronic flatulence and took 28 different drugs to fight it.
Aborting a child because of its gender is legal in Sweden
2% of people who jump off the Golden Gate Bridge survive the fall. One man even jumped off for "fun".
Every 2 weeks, on average, someone jumps off the Golden Gate Bridge.
Lithuania has the highest suicide rate in the world.
According to suicide statistics, Monday is the favored day for self-destruction.
The sperm count of an average American male compared to thirty years ago is down thirty percent
Males produce one thousand sperm cells each second – 86 million each day.
The sperm of a mouse is actually longer than the sperm of an elephant.
The average shelf-life of a latex condom is about two years.
"Venus observa" is the technical term for the "missionary position."
Ramses brand condom is named after the great pharaoh Ramses II who fathered over 160 children.
During World War II, condoms were used to cover rifle barrels from being damaged by salt water as the soldiers swam to shore
The human vagina always holds a small amount of yeast.